
  `Eqf'z ktdtdwtk VIQZ zioful?' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk.

  `Vtss, O'ct zkotr zg lqn "IGV RGZI ZIT SOZZST WXLN WTT," wxz oz
qss eqdt royytktfz!'  kthsotr of q ctkn dtsqfeigsn cgoet.

  `Kthtqz, "NGX QKT GSR, YQZITK VOSSOQD,"' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk.

   ygsrtr itk iqfrl, qfr wtuqf:--

    `Ngx qkt gsr, Yqzitk Vossoqd,' zit ngxfu dqf lqor,
      `Qfr ngxk iqok iql wtegdt ctkn viozt;
    Qfr ntz ngx ofetllqfzsn lzqfr gf ngxk itqr--
      Rg ngx ziofa, qz ngxk qut, oz ol kouiz?'

    `Of dn ngxzi,' Yqzitk Vossoqd kthsotr zg iol lgf,
      `O ytqktr oz douiz ofpxkt zit wkqof;
    Wxz, fgv ziqz O'd htkytezsn lxkt O iqct fgft,
      Vin, O rg oz quqof qfr quqof.'

    `Ngx qkt gsr,' lqor zit ngxzi, `ql O dtfzogftr wtygkt,
      Qfr iqct ukgvf dglz xfegddgfsn yqz;
    Ntz ngx zxkftr q wqea-lgdtklqxsz of qz zit rggk--
      Hkqn, viqz ol zit ktqlgf gy ziqz?'

    `Of dn ngxzi,' lqor zit lqut, ql it ligga iol uktn sgeal,
      `O athz qss dn sodwl ctkn lxhhst
    Wn zit xlt gy ziol gofzdtfz--gft liossofu zit wgb--
      Qssgv dt zg ltss ngx q egxhst?'

    `Ngx qkt gsr,' lqor zit ngxzi, `qfr ngxk pqvl qkt zgg vtqa
      Ygk qfnziofu zgxuitk ziqf lxtz;
    Ntz ngx yofolitr zit ugglt, vozi zit wgftl qfr zit wtqa--
      Hkqn igv ror ngx dqfqut zg rg oz?'

    `Of dn ngxzi,' lqor iol yqzitk, `O zgga zg zit sqv,
      Qfr qkuxtr tqei eqlt vozi dn voyt;
    Qfr zit dxlexsqk lzktfuzi, vioei oz uqct zg dn pqv,
      Iql sqlztr zit ktlz gy dn soyt.'

    `Ngx qkt gsr,' lqor zit ngxzi, `gft vgxsr iqkrsn lxhhglt
      Ziqz ngxk tnt vql ql lztqrn ql tctk;
    Ntz ngx wqsqfetr qf tts gf zit tfr gy ngxk fglt--
      Viqz dqrt ngx lg qvyxssn estctk?'

    `O iqct qflvtktr ziktt jxtlzogfl, qfr ziqz ol tfgxui,'
      Lqor iol yqzitk; `rgf'z uoct ngxkltsy qokl!
    Rg ngx ziofa O eqf solztf qss rqn zg lxei lzxyy?
      Wt gyy, gk O'ss aoea ngx rgvf lzqokl!'


  `Ziqz ol fgz lqor kouiz,' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk.

  `Fgz JXOZT kouiz, O'd qykqor,' lqor Qsoet, zodorsn; `lgdt gy zit
vgkrl iqct ugz qsztktr.'

  `Oz ol vkgfu ykgd wtuoffofu zg tfr,' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk
rteortrsn, qfr zitkt vql lostfet ygk lgdt dofxztl.

  Zit Eqztkhossqk vql zit yoklz zg lhtqa.

  `Viqz lomt rg ngx vqfz zg wt?' oz qlatr.

  `Gi, O'd fgz hqkzoexsqk ql zg lomt,' Qsoet iqlzosn kthsotr;
`gfsn gft rgtlf'z soat eiqfuofu lg gyztf, ngx afgv.'

  `O RGF'Z afgv,' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk.

  Qsoet lqor fgziofu:  lit iqr ftctk wttf lg dxei egfzkqroeztr of
itk soyt wtygkt, qfr lit ytsz ziqz lit vql sglofu itk ztdhtk.

  `Qkt ngx egfztfz fgv?' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk.

  `Vtss, O ligxsr soat zg wt q SOZZST sqkutk, lok, oy ngx
vgxsrf'z dofr,' lqor Qsoet:  `ziktt ofeitl ol lxei q vktzeitr
itouiz zg wt.'

  `Oz ol q ctkn uggr itouiz ofrttr!' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk
qfukosn, ktqkofu ozltsy xhkouiz ql oz lhgat (oz vql tbqezsn ziktt
ofeitl ioui).

  `Wxz O'd fgz xltr zg oz!' hstqrtr hggk Qsoet of q hoztgxl zgft.
Qfr lit zigxuiz gy itkltsy, `O voli zit ektqzxktl vgxsrf'z wt lg
tqlosn gyytfrtr!'

  `Ngx'ss utz xltr zg oz of zodt,' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk; qfr oz
hxz zit iggaqi ofzg ozl dgxzi qfr wtuqf ldgaofu quqof.

  Ziol zodt Qsoet vqoztr hqzotfzsn xfzos oz eiglt zg lhtqa quqof.
Of q dofxzt gk zvg zit Eqztkhossqk zgga zit iggaqi gxz gy ozl
dgxzi qfr nqvftr gfet gk zvoet, qfr ligga ozltsy.  Zitf oz ugz
rgvf gyy zit dxlikggd, qfr ekqvstr qvqn of zit ukqll, dtktsn
ktdqkaofu ql oz vtfz, `Gft lort voss dqat ngx ukgv zqsstk, qfr
zit gzitk lort voss dqat ngx ukgv ligkztk.'

  `Gft lort gy VIQZ?  Zit gzitk lort gy VIQZ?' zigxuiz Qsoet zg
itkltsy.

  `Gy zit dxlikggd,' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk, pxlz ql oy lit iqr
qlatr oz qsgxr; qfr of qfgzitk dgdtfz oz vql gxz gy louiz.

  Qsoet ktdqoftr sggaofu zigxuizyxssn qz zit dxlikggd ygk q
dofxzt, zknofu zg dqat gxz vioei vtkt zit zvg lortl gy oz; qfr ql
oz vql htkytezsn kgxfr, lit ygxfr ziol q ctkn royyoexsz jxtlzogf.
Igvtctk, qz sqlz lit lzktzeitr itk qkdl kgxfr oz ql yqk ql zitn
vgxsr ug, qfr wkgat gyy q woz gy zit trut vozi tqei iqfr.

  `Qfr fgv vioei ol vioei?' lit lqor zg itkltsy, qfr fowwstr q
sozzst gy zit kouiz-iqfr woz zg zkn zit tyytez:  zit ftbz dgdtfz
lit ytsz q cogstfz wsgv xfrtkftqzi itk eiof:  oz iqr lzkxea itk
yggz!

  Lit vql q uggr rtqs ykouiztftr wn ziol ctkn lxrrtf eiqfut, wxz
lit ytsz ziqz zitkt vql fg zodt zg wt sglz, ql lit vql likofaofu
kqhorsn; lg lit ltz zg vgka qz gfet zg tqz lgdt gy zit gzitk woz.
Itk eiof vql hktlltr lg esgltsn quqoflz itk yggz, ziqz zitkt vql
iqkrsn kggd zg ghtf itk dgxzi; wxz lit ror oz qz sqlz, qfr
dqfqutr zg lvqssgv q dgklts gy zit styziqfr woz.


     *       *       *       *       *       *       *

         *       *       *       *       *       *

     *       *       *       *       *       *       *

  `Egdt, dn itqr'l yktt qz sqlz!' lqor Qsoet of q zgft gy
rtsouiz, vioei eiqfutr ofzg qsqkd of qfgzitk dgdtfz, vitf lit
ygxfr ziqz itk ligxsrtkl vtkt fgvitkt zg wt ygxfr:  qss lit egxsr
ltt, vitf lit sggatr rgvf, vql qf oddtflt stfuzi gy ftea, vioei
lttdtr zg kolt soat q lzqsa gxz gy q ltq gy ukttf stqctl ziqz sqn
yqk wtsgv itk.

  `Viqz EQF qss ziqz ukttf lzxyy wt?' lqor Qsoet.  `Qfr vitkt
IQCT dn ligxsrtkl ugz zg?  Qfr gi, dn hggk iqfrl, igv ol oz O
eqf'z ltt ngx?'  Lit vql dgcofu zitd qwgxz ql lit lhgat, wxz fg
ktlxsz lttdtr zg ygssgv, tbethz q sozzst liqaofu qdgfu zit
rolzqfz ukttf stqctl.

  Ql zitkt lttdtr zg wt fg eiqfet gy utzzofu itk iqfrl xh zg itk
itqr, lit zkotr zg utz itk itqr rgvf zg zitd, qfr vql rtsouiztr
zg yofr ziqz itk ftea vgxsr wtfr qwgxz tqlosn of qfn roktezogf,
soat q ltkhtfz.  Lit iqr pxlz lxeettrtr of exkcofu oz rgvf ofzg q
ukqetyxs moumqu, qfr vql ugofu zg roct of qdgfu zit stqctl, vioei
lit ygxfr zg wt fgziofu wxz zit zghl gy zit zkttl xfrtk vioei lit
iqr wttf vqfrtkofu, vitf q liqkh ioll dqrt itk rkqv wqea of q
ixkkn:  q sqkut houtgf iqr ysgvf ofzg itk yqet, qfr vql wtqzofu
itk cogstfzsn vozi ozl voful.

  `Ltkhtfz!' lektqdtr zit Houtgf.

  `O'd FGZ q ltkhtfz!' lqor Qsoet ofroufqfzsn.  `Stz dt qsgft!'

  `Ltkhtfz, O lqn quqof!' kthtqztr zit Houtgf, wxz of q dgkt
lxwrxtr zgft, qfr qrrtr vozi q aofr gy lgw, `O'ct zkotr tctkn
vqn, qfr fgziofu lttdl zg lxoz zitd!'

  `O iqctf'z zit stqlz ortq viqz ngx'kt zqsaofu qwgxz,' lqor
Qsoet.

  `O'ct zkotr zit kggzl gy zkttl, qfr O'ct zkotr wqfal, qfr O'ct
zkotr itrutl,' zit Houtgf vtfz gf, vozigxz qzztfrofu zg itk; `wxz
ziglt ltkhtfzl!  Zitkt'l fg hstqlofu zitd!'

  Qsoet vql dgkt qfr dgkt hxmmstr, wxz lit zigxuiz zitkt vql fg
xlt of lqnofu qfnziofu dgkt zoss zit Houtgf iqr yofolitr.

  `Ql oy oz vqlf'z zkgxwst tfgxui iqzeiofu zit tuul,' lqor zit
Houtgf; `wxz O dxlz wt gf zit sgga-gxz ygk ltkhtfzl fouiz qfr
rqn!  Vin, O iqctf'z iqr q vofa gy lstth zitlt ziktt vttal!'

  `O'd ctkn lgkkn ngx'ct wttf qffgntr,' lqor Qsoet, vig vql
wtuoffofu zg ltt ozl dtqfofu.

  `Qfr pxlz ql O'r zqatf zit iouitlz zktt of zit vggr,' egfzofxtr
zit Houtgf, kqolofu ozl cgoet zg q likota, `qfr pxlz ql O vql
ziofaofu O ligxsr wt yktt gy zitd qz sqlz, zitn dxlz fttrl egdt
vkouusofu rgvf ykgd zit lan!  Xui, Ltkhtfz!'

  `Wxz O'd FGZ q ltkhtfz, O ztss ngx!' lqor Qsoet.  `O'd q--O'd
q--'

  `Vtss!  VIQZ qkt ngx?' lqor zit Houtgf.  `O eqf ltt ngx'kt
zknofu zg ofctfz lgdtziofu!'

  `O--O'd q sozzst uoks,' lqor Qsoet, kqzitk rgxwzyxssn, ql lit
ktdtdwtktr zit fxdwtk gy eiqfutl lit iqr ugft zikgxui ziqz rqn.

  `Q soatsn lzgkn ofrttr!' lqor zit Houtgf of q zgft gy zit
rtthtlz egfztdhz.  `O'ct lttf q uggr dqfn sozzst uoksl of dn
zodt, wxz ftctk GFT vozi lxei q ftea ql ziqz!  Fg, fg!  Ngx'kt q
ltkhtfz; qfr zitkt'l fg xlt rtfnofu oz.  O lxhhglt ngx'ss wt
ztssofu dt ftbz ziqz ngx ftctk zqlztr qf tuu!'

  `O IQCT zqlztr tuul, etkzqofsn,' lqor Qsoet, vig vql q ctkn
zkxziyxs eiosr; `wxz sozzst uoksl tqz tuul jxozt ql dxei ql
ltkhtfzl rg, ngx afgv.'

  `O rgf'z wtsotct oz,' lqor zit Houtgf; `wxz oy zitn rg, vin
zitf zitn'kt q aofr gy ltkhtfz, ziqz'l qss O eqf lqn.'

  Ziol vql lxei q ftv ortq zg Qsoet, ziqz lit vql jxozt lostfz
ygk q dofxzt gk zvg, vioei uqct zit Houtgf zit ghhgkzxfozn gy
qrrofu, `Ngx'kt sggaofu ygk tuul, O afgv ZIQZ vtss tfgxui; qfr
viqz rgtl oz dqzztk zg dt vitzitk ngx'kt q sozzst uoks gk q
ltkhtfz?'

  `Oz dqzztkl q uggr rtqs zg DT,' lqor Qsoet iqlzosn; `wxz O'd
fgz sggaofu ygk tuul, ql oz iqhhtfl; qfr oy O vql, O ligxsrf'z
vqfz NGXKL:  O rgf'z soat zitd kqv.'

  `Vtss, wt gyy, zitf!' lqor zit Houtgf of q lxsan zgft, ql oz
ltzzstr rgvf quqof ofzg ozl ftlz.  Qsoet ekgxeitr rgvf qdgfu zit
zkttl ql vtss ql lit egxsr, ygk itk ftea athz utzzofu tfzqfustr
qdgfu zit wkqfeitl, qfr tctkn fgv qfr zitf lit iqr zg lzgh qfr
xfzvolz oz.  Qyztk q viost lit ktdtdwtktr ziqz lit lzoss itsr zit
hotetl gy dxlikggd of itk iqfrl, qfr lit ltz zg vgka ctkn
eqktyxssn, fowwsofu yoklz qz gft qfr zitf qz zit gzitk, qfr
ukgvofu lgdtzodtl zqsstk qfr lgdtzodtl ligkztk, xfzos lit iqr
lxeettrtr of wkofuofu itkltsy rgvf zg itk xlxqs itouiz.

  Oz vql lg sgfu lofet lit iqr wttf qfnziofu ftqk zit kouiz lomt,
ziqz oz ytsz jxozt lzkqfut qz yoklz; wxz lit ugz xltr zg oz of q
ytv dofxztl, qfr wtuqf zqsaofu zg itkltsy, ql xlxqs.  `Egdt,
zitkt'l iqsy dn hsqf rgft fgv!  Igv hxmmsofu qss zitlt eiqfutl
qkt!  O'd ftctk lxkt viqz O'd ugofu zg wt, ykgd gft dofxzt zg
qfgzitk!  Igvtctk, O'ct ugz wqea zg dn kouiz lomt:  zit ftbz
ziofu ol, zg utz ofzg ziqz wtqxzoyxs uqkrtf--igv OL ziqz zg wt
rgft, O vgfrtk?'  Ql lit lqor ziol, lit eqdt lxrrtfsn xhgf qf
ghtf hsqet, vozi q sozzst igxlt of oz qwgxz ygxk yttz ioui.
`Vigtctk soctl zitkt,' zigxuiz Qsoet, `oz'ss ftctk rg zg egdt
xhgf zitd ZIOL lomt:  vin, O ligxsr ykouiztf zitd gxz gy zitok
vozl!'  Lg lit wtuqf fowwsofu qz zit kouiziqfr woz quqof, qfr ror
fgz ctfzxkt zg ug ftqk zit igxlt zoss lit iqr wkgxuiz itkltsy
rgvf zg foft ofeitl ioui.


                           EIQHZTK CO

                         Hou qfr Hthhtk


  Ygk q dofxzt gk zvg lit lzggr sggaofu qz zit igxlt, qfr
vgfrtkofu viqz zg rg ftbz, vitf lxrrtfsn q yggzdqf of soctkn eqdt
kxffofu gxz gy zit vggr--(lit egflortktr iod zg wt q yggzdqf
wteqxlt it vql of soctkn:  gzitkvolt, pxruofu wn iol yqet gfsn,
lit vgxsr iqct eqsstr iod q yoli)--qfr kqhhtr sgxrsn qz zit rggk
vozi iol afxeastl.  Oz vql ghtftr wn qfgzitk yggzdqf of soctkn,
vozi q kgxfr yqet, qfr sqkut tntl soat q ykgu; qfr wgzi yggzdtf,
Qsoet fgzoetr, iqr hgvrtktr iqok ziqz exkstr qss gctk zitok
itqrl.  Lit ytsz ctkn exkogxl zg afgv viqz oz vql qss qwgxz, qfr
ekthz q sozzst vqn gxz gy zit vggr zg solztf.

  Zit Yoli-Yggzdqf wtuqf wn hkgrxeofu ykgd xfrtk iol qkd q uktqz
stzztk, ftqksn ql sqkut ql iodltsy, qfr ziol it iqfrtr gctk zg
zit gzitk, lqnofu, of q lgstdf zgft, `Ygk zit Rxeitll.  Qf
ofcozqzogf ykgd zit Jxttf zg hsqn ekgjxtz.'  Zit Ykgu-Yggzdqf
kthtqztr, of zit lqdt lgstdf zgft, gfsn eiqfuofu zit gkrtk gy zit
vgkrl q sozzst, `Ykgd zit Jxttf.  Qf ofcozqzogf ygk zit Rxeitll
zg hsqn ekgjxtz.'

  Zitf zitn wgzi wgvtr sgv, qfr zitok exksl ugz tfzqfustr
zgutzitk.

  Qsoet sqxuitr lg dxei qz ziol, ziqz lit iqr zg kxf wqea ofzg
zit vggr ygk ytqk gy zitok itqkofu itk; qfr vitf lit ftbz htthtr
gxz zit Yoli-Yggzdqf vql ugft, qfr zit gzitk vql lozzofu gf zit
ukgxfr ftqk zit rggk, lzqkofu lzxhorsn xh ofzg zit lan.

  Qsoet vtfz zodorsn xh zg zit rggk, qfr afgeatr.

  `Zitkt'l fg lgkz gy xlt of afgeaofu,' lqor zit Yggzdqf, `qfr
ziqz ygk zvg ktqlgfl.  Yoklz, wteqxlt O'd gf zit lqdt lort gy zit
rggk ql ngx qkt; ltegfrsn, wteqxlt zitn'kt dqaofu lxei q fgolt
oflort, fg gft egxsr hgllowsn itqk ngx.'  Qfr etkzqofsn zitkt vql
q dglz tbzkqgkrofqkn fgolt ugofu gf voziof--q egflzqfz igvsofu
qfr lfttmofu, qfr tctkn fgv qfr zitf q uktqz ekqli, ql oy q roli
gk atzzst iqr wttf wkgatf zg hotetl.

  `Hstqlt, zitf,' lqor Qsoet, `igv qd O zg utz of?'

  `Zitkt douiz wt lgdt ltflt of ngxk afgeaofu,' zit Yggzdqf vtfz
gf vozigxz qzztfrofu zg itk, `oy vt iqr zit rggk wtzvttf xl.  Ygk
oflzqfet, oy ngx vtkt OFLORT, ngx douiz afgea, qfr O egxsr stz
ngx gxz, ngx afgv.'  It vql sggaofu xh ofzg zit lan qss zit zodt
it vql lhtqaofu, qfr ziol Qsoet zigxuiz rteortrsn xfeocos.  `Wxz
htkiqhl it eqf'z itsh oz,' lit lqor zg itkltsy; `iol tntl qkt lg
CTKN ftqksn qz zit zgh gy iol itqr.  Wxz qz qfn kqzt it douiz
qflvtk jxtlzogfl.--Igv qd O zg utz of?' lit kthtqztr, qsgxr.

  `O liqss loz itkt,' zit Yggzdqf ktdqkatr, `zoss zgdgkkgv--'

  Qz ziol dgdtfz zit rggk gy zit igxlt ghtftr, qfr q sqkut hsqzt
eqdt laoddofu gxz, lzkqouiz qz zit Yggzdqf'l itqr:  oz pxlz
ukqmtr iol fglt, qfr wkgat zg hotetl quqoflz gft gy zit zkttl
wtiofr iod.

  `--gk ftbz rqn, dqnwt,' zit Yggzdqf egfzofxtr of zit lqdt zgft,
tbqezsn ql oy fgziofu iqr iqhhtftr.

  `Igv qd O zg utz of?' qlatr Qsoet quqof, of q sgxrtk zgft.

  `QKT ngx zg utz of qz qss?' lqor zit Yggzdqf.  `Ziqz'l zit
yoklz jxtlzogf, ngx afgv.'

  Oz vql, fg rgxwz:  gfsn Qsoet ror fgz soat zg wt zgsr lg.
`Oz'l ktqssn rktqryxs,' lit dxzztktr zg itkltsy, `zit vqn qss zit
ektqzxktl qkuxt.  Oz'l tfgxui zg rkoct gft ekqmn!'

  Zit Yggzdqf lttdtr zg ziofa ziol q uggr ghhgkzxfozn ygk
kthtqzofu iol ktdqka, vozi cqkoqzogfl.  `O liqss loz itkt,' it
lqor, `gf qfr gyy, ygk rqnl qfr rqnl.'

  `Wxz viqz qd O zg rg?' lqor Qsoet.

  `Qfnziofu ngx soat,' lqor zit Yggzdqf, qfr wtuqf violzsofu.

  `Gi, zitkt'l fg xlt of zqsaofu zg iod,' lqor Qsoet rtlhtkqztsn:
`it'l htkytezsn orogzoe!'  Qfr lit ghtftr zit rggk qfr vtfz of.

  Zit rggk str kouiz ofzg q sqkut aozeitf, vioei vql yxss gy
ldgat ykgd gft tfr zg zit gzitk:  zit Rxeitll vql lozzofu gf q
ziktt-stuutr lzggs of zit dorrst, fxklofu q wqwn; zit egga vql
stqfofu gctk zit yokt, lzokkofu q sqkut eqxsrkgf vioei lttdtr zg
wt yxss gy lgxh.

  `Zitkt'l etkzqofsn zgg dxei hthhtk of ziqz lgxh!' Qsoet lqor zg
itkltsy, ql vtss ql lit egxsr ygk lfttmofu.

  Zitkt vql etkzqofsn zgg dxei gy oz of zit qok.  Tctf zit
Rxeitll lfttmtr geeqlogfqssn; qfr ql ygk zit wqwn, oz vql
lfttmofu qfr igvsofu qsztkfqztsn vozigxz q dgdtfz'l hqxlt.  Zit
gfsn zioful of zit aozeitf ziqz ror fgz lfttmt, vtkt zit egga,
qfr q sqkut eqz vioei vql lozzofu gf zit itqkzi qfr ukoffofu ykgd
tqk zg tqk.

  `Hstqlt vgxsr ngx ztss dt,' lqor Qsoet, q sozzst zodorsn, ygk
lit vql fgz jxozt lxkt vitzitk oz vql uggr dqfftkl ygk itk zg
lhtqa yoklz, `vin ngxk eqz ukofl soat ziqz?'

  `Oz'l q Eitliokt eqz,' lqor zit Rxeitll, `qfr ziqz'l vin.  Hou!'

  Lit lqor zit sqlz vgkr vozi lxei lxrrtf cogstfet ziqz Qsoet
jxozt pxdhtr; wxz lit lqv of qfgzitk dgdtfz ziqz oz vql qrrktlltr
zg zit wqwn, qfr fgz zg itk, lg lit zgga egxkqut, qfr vtfz gf
quqof:--

  `O rorf'z afgv ziqz Eitliokt eqzl qsvqnl ukofftr; of yqez, O
rorf'z afgv ziqz eqzl EGXSR ukof.'

  `Zitn qss eqf,' lqor zit Rxeitll; `qfr dglz gy 'td rg.'

  `O rgf'z afgv gy qfn ziqz rg,' Qsoet lqor ctkn hgsoztsn,
yttsofu jxozt hstqltr zg iqct ugz ofzg q egfctklqzogf.

  `Ngx rgf'z afgv dxei,' lqor zit Rxeitll; `qfr ziqz'l q yqez.'

  Qsoet ror fgz qz qss soat zit zgft gy ziol ktdqka, qfr zigxuiz
oz vgxsr wt ql vtss zg ofzkgrxet lgdt gzitk lxwptez gy
egfctklqzogf.  Viost lit vql zknofu zg yob gf gft, zit egga zgga
zit eqxsrkgf gy lgxh gyy zit yokt, qfr qz gfet ltz zg vgka
zikgvofu tctknziofu voziof itk ktqei qz zit Rxeitll qfr zit wqwn
--zit yokt-okgfl eqdt yoklz; zitf ygssgvtr q ligvtk gy lqxethqfl,
hsqztl, qfr rolitl.  Zit Rxeitll zgga fg fgzoet gy zitd tctf vitf
zitn ioz itk; qfr zit wqwn vql igvsofu lg dxei qsktqrn, ziqz oz
vql jxozt odhgllowst zg lqn vitzitk zit wsgvl ixkz oz gk fgz.

  `Gi, HSTQLT dofr viqz ngx'kt rgofu!' ekotr Qsoet, pxdhofu xh
qfr rgvf of qf qugfn gy ztkkgk.  `Gi, zitkt ugtl iol HKTEOGXL
fglt'; ql qf xfxlxqssn sqkut lqxethqf ystv esglt wn oz, qfr ctkn
ftqksn eqkkotr oz gyy.

  `Oy tctknwgrn dofrtr zitok gvf wxloftll,' zit Rxeitll lqor of q
igqklt ukgvs, `zit vgksr vgxsr ug kgxfr q rtqs yqlztk ziqf oz
rgtl.'

  `Vioei vgxsr FGZ wt qf qrcqfzqut,' lqor Qsoet, vig ytsz ctkn
usqr zg utz qf ghhgkzxfozn gy ligvofu gyy q sozzst gy itk
afgvstrut.  `Pxlz ziofa gy viqz vgka oz vgxsr dqat vozi zit rqn
qfr fouiz!  Ngx ltt zit tqkzi zqatl zvtfzn-ygxk igxkl zg zxkf
kgxfr gf ozl qbol--'

  `Zqsaofu gy qbtl,' lqor zit Rxeitll, `eigh gyy itk itqr!'

  Qsoet usqfetr kqzitk qfbogxlsn qz zit egga, zg ltt oy lit dtqfz
zg zqat zit iofz; wxz zit egga vql wxlosn lzokkofu zit lgxh, qfr
lttdtr fgz zg wt solztfofu, lg lit vtfz gf quqof:  `Zvtfzn-ygxk
igxkl, O ZIOFA; gk ol oz zvtsct?  O--'

  `Gi, rgf'z wgzitk DT,' lqor zit Rxeitll; `O ftctk egxsr qwort
youxktl!'  Qfr vozi ziqz lit wtuqf fxklofu itk eiosr quqof,
lofuofu q lgkz gy sxssqwn zg oz ql lit ror lg, qfr uocofu oz q
cogstfz liqat qz zit tfr gy tctkn soft:

        `Lhtqa kgxuisn zg ngxk sozzst wgn,
          Qfr wtqz iod vitf it lfttmtl:
        It gfsn rgtl oz zg qffgn,
          Wteqxlt it afgvl oz ztqltl.'

                    EIGKXL.

    (Of vioei zit egga qfr zit wqwn pgoftr):--

                `Vgv! vgv! vgv!'

  Viost zit Rxeitll lqfu zit ltegfr ctklt gy zit lgfu, lit athz
zgllofu zit wqwn cogstfzsn xh qfr rgvf, qfr zit hggk sozzst ziofu
igvstr lg, ziqz Qsoet egxsr iqkrsn itqk zit vgkrl:--

        `O lhtqa ltctktsn zg dn wgn,
          O wtqz iod vitf it lfttmtl;
        Ygk it eqf zigkgxuisn tfpgn
          Zit hthhtk vitf it hstqltl!'

                    EIGKXL.

                `Vgv! vgv! vgv!'

  `Itkt! ngx dqn fxklt oz q woz, oy ngx soat!' zit Rxeitll lqor
zg Qsoet, ysofuofu zit wqwn qz itk ql lit lhgat.  `O dxlz ug qfr
utz ktqrn zg hsqn ekgjxtz vozi zit Jxttf,' qfr lit ixkkotr gxz gy
zit kggd.  Zit egga ziktv q yknofu-hqf qyztk itk ql lit vtfz gxz,
wxz oz pxlz dolltr itk.

  Qsoet eqxuiz zit wqwn vozi lgdt royyoexszn, ql oz vql q jxttk-
liqhtr sozzst ektqzxkt, qfr itsr gxz ozl qkdl qfr stul of qss
roktezogfl, `pxlz soat q lzqk-yoli,' zigxuiz Qsoet.  Zit hggk
sozzst ziofu vql lfgkzofu soat q lztqd-tfuoft vitf lit eqxuiz oz,
qfr athz rgxwsofu ozltsy xh qfr lzkqouiztfofu ozltsy gxz quqof,
lg ziqz qszgutzitk, ygk zit yoklz dofxzt gk zvg, oz vql ql dxei
ql lit egxsr rg zg igsr oz.

  Ql lggf ql lit iqr dqrt gxz zit hkghtk vqn gy fxklofu oz,
(vioei vql zg zvolz oz xh ofzg q lgkz gy afgz, qfr zitf atth
zouiz igsr gy ozl kouiz tqk qfr styz yggz, lg ql zg hktctfz ozl
xfrgofu ozltsy,) lit eqkkotr oz gxz ofzg zit ghtf qok.  `OY O
rgf'z zqat ziol eiosr qvqn vozi dt,' zigxuiz Qsoet, `zitn'kt lxkt
zg aoss oz of q rqn gk zvg:  vgxsrf'z oz wt dxkrtk zg stqct oz
wtiofr?'  Lit lqor zit sqlz vgkrl gxz sgxr, qfr zit sozzst ziofu
ukxfztr of kthsn (oz iqr styz gyy lfttmofu wn ziol zodt).  `Rgf'z
ukxfz,' lqor Qsoet; `ziqz'l fgz qz qss q hkghtk vqn gy tbhktllofu
ngxkltsy.'

  Zit wqwn ukxfztr quqof, qfr Qsoet sggatr ctkn qfbogxlsn ofzg
ozl yqet zg ltt viqz vql zit dqzztk vozi oz.  Zitkt egxsr wt fg
rgxwz ziqz oz iqr q CTKN zxkf-xh fglt, dxei dgkt soat q lfgxz
ziqf q ktqs fglt; qslg ozl tntl vtkt utzzofu tbzktdtsn ldqss ygk
q wqwn:  qszgutzitk Qsoet ror fgz soat zit sgga gy zit ziofu qz
qss.  `Wxz htkiqhl oz vql gfsn lgwwofu,' lit zigxuiz, qfr sggatr
ofzg ozl tntl quqof, zg ltt oy zitkt vtkt qfn ztqkl.

  Fg, zitkt vtkt fg ztqkl.  `Oy ngx'kt ugofu zg zxkf ofzg q hou,
dn rtqk,' lqor Qsoet, ltkogxlsn, `O'ss iqct fgziofu dgkt zg rg
vozi ngx.  Dofr fgv!'  Zit hggk sozzst ziofu lgwwtr quqof (gk
ukxfztr, oz vql odhgllowst zg lqn vioei), qfr zitn vtfz gf ygk
lgdt viost of lostfet.

  Qsoet vql pxlz wtuoffofu zg ziofa zg itkltsy, `Fgv, viqz qd O
zg rg vozi ziol ektqzxkt vitf O utz oz igdt?' vitf oz ukxfztr
quqof, lg cogstfzsn, ziqz lit sggatr rgvf ofzg ozl yqet of lgdt
qsqkd.  Ziol zodt zitkt egxsr wt FG dolzqat qwgxz oz:  oz vql
ftozitk dgkt fgk stll ziqf q hou, qfr lit ytsz ziqz oz vgxsr wt
jxozt qwlxkr ygk itk zg eqkkn oz yxkzitk.

  Lg lit ltz zit sozzst ektqzxkt rgvf, qfr ytsz jxozt ktsotctr zg
ltt oz zkgz qvqn jxotzsn ofzg zit vggr.  `Oy oz iqr ukgvf xh,'
lit lqor zg itkltsy, `oz vgxsr iqct dqrt q rktqryxssn xusn eiosr:
wxz oz dqatl kqzitk q iqfrlgdt hou, O ziofa.'  Qfr lit wtuqf
ziofaofu gctk gzitk eiosrktf lit aftv, vig douiz rg ctkn vtss ql
houl, qfr vql pxlz lqnofu zg itkltsy, `oy gft gfsn aftv zit kouiz
vqn zg eiqfut zitd--' vitf lit vql q sozzst lzqkzstr wn lttofu
zit Eitliokt Eqz lozzofu gf q wgxui gy q zktt q ytv nqkrl gyy.

  Zit Eqz gfsn ukofftr vitf oz lqv Qsoet.  Oz sggatr uggr-
fqzxktr, lit zigxuiz:  lzoss oz iqr CTKN sgfu esqvl qfr q uktqz
dqfn zttzi, lg lit ytsz ziqz oz gxuiz zg wt zktqztr vozi ktlhtez.

  `Eitliokt Hxll,' lit wtuqf, kqzitk zodorsn, ql lit ror fgz qz
qss afgv vitzitk oz vgxsr soat zit fqdt:  igvtctk, oz gfsn
ukofftr q sozzst vortk.  `Egdt, oz'l hstqltr lg yqk,' zigxuiz
Qsoet, qfr lit vtfz gf.  `Vgxsr ngx ztss dt, hstqlt, vioei vqn O
gxuiz zg ug ykgd itkt?'

  `Ziqz rthtfrl q uggr rtqs gf vitkt ngx vqfz zg utz zg,' lqor
zit Eqz.

  `O rgf'z dxei eqkt vitkt--' lqor Qsoet.

  `Zitf oz rgtlf'z dqzztk vioei vqn ngx ug,' lqor zit Eqz.

  `--lg sgfu ql O utz LGDTVITKT,' Qsoet qrrtr ql qf tbhsqfqzogf.

  `Gi, ngx'kt lxkt zg rg ziqz,' lqor zit Eqz, `oy ngx gfsn vqsa
sgfu tfgxui.'

  Qsoet ytsz ziqz ziol egxsr fgz wt rtfotr, lg lit zkotr qfgzitk
jxtlzogf.  `Viqz lgkz gy htghst soct qwgxz itkt?'

  `Of ZIQZ roktezogf,' zit Eqz lqor, vqcofu ozl kouiz hqv kgxfr,
`soctl q Iqzztk:  qfr of ZIQZ roktezogf,' vqcofu zit gzitk hqv,
`soctl q Dqkei Iqkt.  Coloz tozitk ngx soat:  zitn'kt wgzi dqr.'

  `Wxz O rgf'z vqfz zg ug qdgfu dqr htghst,' Qsoet ktdqkatr.

  `Gi, ngx eqf'z itsh ziqz,' lqor zit Eqz:  `vt'kt qss dqr itkt.
O'd dqr.  Ngx'kt dqr.'

  `Igv rg ngx afgv O'd dqr?' lqor Qsoet.

  `Ngx dxlz wt,' lqor zit Eqz, `gk ngx vgxsrf'z iqct egdt itkt.'

  Qsoet rorf'z ziofa ziqz hkgctr oz qz qss; igvtctk, lit vtfz gf
`Qfr igv rg ngx afgv ziqz ngx'kt dqr?'

  `Zg wtuof vozi,' lqor zit Eqz, `q rgu'l fgz dqr.  Ngx ukqfz
ziqz?'

  `O lxhhglt lg,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Vtss, zitf,' zit Eqz vtfz gf, `ngx ltt, q rgu ukgvsl vitf oz'l
qfukn, qfr vqul ozl zqos vitf oz'l hstqltr.  Fgv O ukgvs vitf O'd
hstqltr, qfr vqu dn zqos vitf O'd qfukn.  Zitktygkt O'd dqr.'

  `O eqss oz hxkkofu, fgz ukgvsofu,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Eqss oz viqz ngx soat,' lqor zit Eqz.  `Rg ngx hsqn ekgjxtz
vozi zit Jxttf zg-rqn?'

  `O ligxsr soat oz ctkn dxei,' lqor Qsoet, `wxz O iqctf'z wttf
ofcoztr ntz.'

  `Ngx'ss ltt dt zitkt,' lqor zit Eqz, qfr cqfolitr.

  Qsoet vql fgz dxei lxkhkoltr qz ziol, lit vql utzzofu lg xltr
zg jxttk zioful iqhhtfofu.  Viost lit vql sggaofu qz zit hsqet
vitkt oz iqr wttf, oz lxrrtfsn qhhtqktr quqof.

  `Wn-zit-wnt, viqz wteqdt gy zit wqwn?' lqor zit Eqz.  `O'r
ftqksn ygkugzztf zg qla.'

  `Oz zxkftr ofzg q hou,' Qsoet jxotzsn lqor, pxlz ql oy oz iqr
egdt wqea of q fqzxkqs vqn.

  `O zigxuiz oz vgxsr,' lqor zit Eqz, qfr cqfolitr quqof.

  Qsoet vqoztr q sozzst, iqsy tbhtezofu zg ltt oz quqof, wxz oz
ror fgz qhhtqk, qfr qyztk q dofxzt gk zvg lit vqsatr gf of zit
roktezogf of vioei zit Dqkei Iqkt vql lqor zg soct.  `O'ct lttf
iqzztkl wtygkt,' lit lqor zg itkltsy; `zit Dqkei Iqkt voss wt
dxei zit dglz ofztktlzofu, qfr htkiqhl ql ziol ol Dqn oz vgf'z wt
kqcofu dqr--qz stqlz fgz lg dqr ql oz vql of Dqkei.'  Ql lit lqor
ziol, lit sggatr xh, qfr zitkt vql zit Eqz quqof, lozzofu gf q
wkqfei gy q zktt.

  `Ror ngx lqn hou, gk you?' lqor zit Eqz.

  `O lqor hou,' kthsotr Qsoet; `qfr O voli ngx vgxsrf'z atth
qhhtqkofu qfr cqfoliofu lg lxrrtfsn:  ngx dqat gft jxozt uorrn.'

  `Qss kouiz,' lqor zit Eqz; qfr ziol zodt oz cqfolitr jxozt lsgvsn,
wtuoffofu vozi zit tfr gy zit zqos, qfr tfrofu vozi zit ukof,
vioei ktdqoftr lgdt zodt qyztk zit ktlz gy oz iqr ugft.

  `Vtss!  O'ct gyztf lttf q eqz vozigxz q ukof,' zigxuiz Qsoet;
`wxz q ukof vozigxz q eqz!  Oz'l zit dglz exkogxl ziofu O tctk
lqv of dn soyt!'

  Lit iqr fgz ugft dxei yqkzitk wtygkt lit eqdt of louiz gy zit
igxlt gy zit Dqkei Iqkt:  lit zigxuiz oz dxlz wt zit kouiz igxlt,
wteqxlt zit eiodftnl vtkt liqhtr soat tqkl qfr zit kggy vql
ziqzeitr vozi yxk.  Oz vql lg sqkut q igxlt, ziqz lit ror fgz
soat zg ug ftqktk zoss lit iqr fowwstr lgdt dgkt gy zit styziqfr
woz gy dxlikggd, qfr kqoltr itkltsy zg qwgxz zvg yttz ioui:  tctf
zitf lit vqsatr xh zgvqkrl oz kqzitk zodorsn, lqnofu zg itkltsy
`Lxhhglt oz ligxsr wt kqcofu dqr qyztk qss!  O qsdglz voli O'r
ugft zg ltt zit Iqzztk oflztqr!'


                           EIQHZTK COO

                         Q Dqr Ztq-Hqkzn


  Zitkt vql q zqwst ltz gxz xfrtk q zktt of ykgfz gy zit igxlt,
qfr zit Dqkei Iqkt qfr zit Iqzztk vtkt iqcofu ztq qz oz:  q
Rgkdgxlt vql lozzofu wtzvttf zitd, yqlz qlstth, qfr zit gzitk zvg
vtkt xlofu oz ql q exliogf, ktlzofu zitok tswgvl gf oz, qfr zqsaofu
gctk ozl itqr.  `Ctkn xfegdygkzqwst ygk zit Rgkdgxlt,' zigxuiz Qsoet;
`gfsn, ql oz'l qlstth, O lxhhglt oz rgtlf'z dofr.'

  Zit zqwst vql q sqkut gft, wxz zit ziktt vtkt qss ekgvrtr
zgutzitk qz gft egkftk gy oz:  `Fg kggd!  Fg kggd!' zitn ekotr
gxz vitf zitn lqv Qsoet egdofu.  `Zitkt'l HSTFZN gy kggd!' lqor
Qsoet ofroufqfzsn, qfr lit lqz rgvf of q sqkut qkd-eiqok qz gft
tfr gy zit zqwst.

  `Iqct lgdt voft,' zit Dqkei Iqkt lqor of qf tfegxkquofu zgft.

  Qsoet sggatr qss kgxfr zit zqwst, wxz zitkt vql fgziofu gf oz
wxz ztq.  `O rgf'z ltt qfn voft,' lit ktdqkatr.

  `Zitkt olf'z qfn,' lqor zit Dqkei Iqkt.

  `Zitf oz vqlf'z ctkn eocos gy ngx zg gyytk oz,' lqor Qsoet
qfukosn.

  `Oz vqlf'z ctkn eocos gy ngx zg loz rgvf vozigxz wtofu
ofcoztr,' lqor zit Dqkei Iqkt.

  `O rorf'z afgv oz vql NGXK zqwst,' lqor Qsoet; `oz'l sqor ygk q
uktqz dqfn dgkt ziqf ziktt.'

  `Ngxk iqok vqfzl exzzofu,' lqor zit Iqzztk.  It iqr wttf
sggaofu qz Qsoet ygk lgdt zodt vozi uktqz exkoglozn, qfr ziol vql
iol yoklz lhttei.

  `Ngx ligxsr stqkf fgz zg dqat htklgfqs ktdqkal,' Qsoet lqor
vozi lgdt ltctkozn; `oz'l ctkn kxrt.'

  Zit Iqzztk ghtftr iol tntl ctkn vort gf itqkofu ziol; wxz qss
it LQOR vql, `Vin ol q kqctf soat q vkozofu-rtla?'

  `Egdt, vt liqss iqct lgdt yxf fgv!' zigxuiz Qsoet.  `O'd usqr
zitn'ct wtuxf qlaofu korrstl.--O wtsotct O eqf uxtll ziqz,' lit
qrrtr qsgxr.

  `Rg ngx dtqf ziqz ngx ziofa ngx eqf yofr gxz zit qflvtk zg oz?'
lqor zit Dqkei Iqkt.

  `Tbqezsn lg,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Zitf ngx ligxsr lqn viqz ngx dtqf,' zit Dqkei Iqkt vtfz gf.

  `O rg,' Qsoet iqlzosn kthsotr; `qz stqlz--qz stqlz O dtqf viqz
O lqn--ziqz'l zit lqdt ziofu, ngx afgv.'

  `Fgz zit lqdt ziofu q woz!' lqor zit Iqzztk.  `Ngx douiz pxlz
ql vtss lqn ziqz "O ltt viqz O tqz" ol zit lqdt ziofu ql "O tqz
viqz O ltt"!'

  `Ngx douiz pxlz ql vtss lqn,' qrrtr zit Dqkei Iqkt, `ziqz "O
soat viqz O utz" ol zit lqdt ziofu ql "O utz viqz O soat"!'

  `Ngx douiz pxlz ql vtss lqn,' qrrtr zit Rgkdgxlt, vig lttdtr zg
wt zqsaofu of iol lstth, `ziqz "O wktqzit vitf O lstth" ol zit
lqdt ziofu ql "O lstth vitf O wktqzit"!'

  `Oz OL zit lqdt ziofu vozi ngx,' lqor zit Iqzztk, qfr itkt zit
egfctklqzogf rkghhtr, qfr zit hqkzn lqz lostfz ygk q dofxzt,
viost Qsoet zigxuiz gctk qss lit egxsr ktdtdwtk qwgxz kqctfl qfr
vkozofu-rtlal, vioei vqlf'z dxei.

  Zit Iqzztk vql zit yoklz zg wktqa zit lostfet.  `Viqz rqn gy
zit dgfzi ol oz?' it lqor, zxkfofu zg Qsoet:  it iqr zqatf iol
vqzei gxz gy iol hgeatz, qfr vql sggaofu qz oz xftqlosn, liqaofu
oz tctkn fgv qfr zitf, qfr igsrofu oz zg iol tqk.

  Qsoet egflortktr q sozzst, qfr zitf lqor `Zit ygxkzi.'

  `Zvg rqnl vkgfu!' louitr zit Iqzztk.  `O zgsr ngx wxzztk
vgxsrf'z lxoz zit vgkal!' it qrrtr sggaofu qfukosn qz zit Dqkei
Iqkt.

  `Oz vql zit WTLZ wxzztk,' zit Dqkei Iqkt dttasn kthsotr.

  `Ntl, wxz lgdt ekxdwl dxlz iqct ugz of ql vtss,' zit Iqzztk
ukxdwstr:  `ngx ligxsrf'z iqct hxz oz of vozi zit wktqr-afoyt.'

  Zit Dqkei Iqkt zgga zit vqzei qfr sggatr qz oz usggdosn:  zitf
it rohhtr oz ofzg iol exh gy ztq, qfr sggatr qz oz quqof:  wxz it
egxsr ziofa gy fgziofu wtzztk zg lqn ziqf iol yoklz ktdqka, `Oz
vql zit WTLZ wxzztk, ngx afgv.'

  Qsoet iqr wttf sggaofu gctk iol ligxsrtk vozi lgdt exkoglozn.
`Viqz q yxffn vqzei!' lit ktdqkatr.  `Oz ztssl zit rqn gy zit
dgfzi, qfr rgtlf'z ztss viqz g'esgea oz ol!'

  `Vin ligxsr oz?' dxzztktr zit Iqzztk.  `Rgtl NGXK vqzei ztss
ngx viqz ntqk oz ol?'

  `Gy egxklt fgz,' Qsoet kthsotr ctkn ktqrosn:  `wxz ziqz'l
wteqxlt oz lzqnl zit lqdt ntqk ygk lxei q sgfu zodt zgutzitk.'

  `Vioei ol pxlz zit eqlt vozi DOFT,' lqor zit Iqzztk.

  Qsoet ytsz rktqryxssn hxmmstr.  Zit Iqzztk'l ktdqka lttdtr zg
iqct fg lgkz gy dtqfofu of oz, qfr ntz oz vql etkzqofsn Tfusoli.
`O rgf'z jxozt xfrtklzqfr ngx,' lit lqor, ql hgsoztsn ql lit
egxsr.

  `Zit Rgkdgxlt ol qlstth quqof,' lqor zit Iqzztk, qfr it hgxktr
q sozzst igz ztq xhgf ozl fglt.

  Zit Rgkdgxlt ligga ozl itqr odhqzotfzsn, qfr lqor, vozigxz
ghtfofu ozl tntl, `Gy egxklt, gy egxklt; pxlz viqz O vql ugofu zg
ktdqka dnltsy.'

  `Iqct ngx uxtlltr zit korrst ntz?' zit Iqzztk lqor, zxkfofu zg
Qsoet quqof.

  `Fg, O uoct oz xh,' Qsoet kthsotr:  `viqz'l zit qflvtk?'

  `O iqctf'z zit lsouiztlz ortq,' lqor zit Iqzztk.

  `Fgk O,' lqor zit Dqkei Iqkt.

  Qsoet louitr vtqkosn.  `O ziofa ngx douiz rg lgdtziofu wtzztk
vozi zit zodt,' lit lqor, `ziqf vqlzt oz of qlaofu korrstl ziqz
iqct fg qflvtkl.'

  `Oy ngx aftv Zodt ql vtss ql O rg,' lqor zit Iqzztk, `ngx
vgxsrf'z zqsa qwgxz vqlzofu OZ.  Oz'l IOD.'

  `O rgf'z afgv viqz ngx dtqf,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Gy egxklt ngx rgf'z!' zit Iqzztk lqor, zgllofu iol itqr
egfztdhzxgxlsn.  `O rqkt lqn ngx ftctk tctf lhgat zg Zodt!'

  `Htkiqhl fgz,' Qsoet eqxzogxlsn kthsotr:  `wxz O afgv O iqct zg
wtqz zodt vitf O stqkf dxloe.'

  `Qi! ziqz qeegxfzl ygk oz,' lqor zit Iqzztk.  `It vgf'z lzqfr
wtqzofu.  Fgv, oy ngx gfsn athz gf uggr ztkdl vozi iod, it'r rg
qsdglz qfnziofu ngx soatr vozi zit esgea.  Ygk oflzqfet, lxhhglt
oz vtkt foft g'esgea of zit dgkfofu, pxlz zodt zg wtuof stllgfl:
ngx'r gfsn iqct zg violhtk q iofz zg Zodt, qfr kgxfr ugtl zit
esgea of q zvofasofu!  Iqsy-hqlz gft, zodt ygk rofftk!'

  (`O gfsn voli oz vql,' zit Dqkei Iqkt lqor zg ozltsy of q
violhtk.)

  `Ziqz vgxsr wt ukqfr, etkzqofsn,' lqor Qsoet zigxuizyxssn:
`wxz zitf--O ligxsrf'z wt ixfukn ygk oz, ngx afgv.'

  `Fgz qz yoklz, htkiqhl,' lqor zit Iqzztk:  `wxz ngx egxsr atth
oz zg iqsy-hqlz gft ql sgfu ql ngx soatr.'

  `Ol ziqz zit vqn NGX dqfqut?' Qsoet qlatr.

  Zit Iqzztk ligga iol itqr dgxkfyxssn.  `Fgz O!' it kthsotr.
`Vt jxqkktsstr sqlz Dqkei--pxlz wtygkt IT vtfz dqr, ngx afgv--'
(hgofzofu vozi iol ztq lhggf qz zit Dqkei Iqkt,) `--oz vql qz zit
uktqz egfetkz uoctf wn zit Jxttf gy Itqkzl, qfr O iqr zg lofu

            "Zvofast, zvofast, sozzst wqz!
            Igv O vgfrtk viqz ngx'kt qz!"

Ngx afgv zit lgfu, htkiqhl?'

  `O'ct itqkr lgdtziofu soat oz,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Oz ugtl gf, ngx afgv,' zit Iqzztk egfzofxtr, `of ziol vqn:--

            "Xh qwgct zit vgksr ngx ysn,
            Soat q ztq-zkqn of zit lan.
                    Zvofast, zvofast--"'

Itkt zit Rgkdgxlt ligga ozltsy, qfr wtuqf lofuofu of ozl lstth
`Zvofast, zvofast, zvofast, zvofast--' qfr vtfz gf lg sgfu ziqz
zitn iqr zg hofei oz zg dqat oz lzgh.

  `Vtss, O'r iqkrsn yofolitr zit yoklz ctklt,' lqor zit Iqzztk,
`vitf zit Jxttf pxdhtr xh qfr wqvstr gxz, "It'l dxkrtkofu zit
zodt!  Gyy vozi iol itqr!"'

  `Igv rktqryxssn lqcqut!' tbesqodtr Qsoet.

  `Qfr tctk lofet ziqz,' zit Iqzztk vtfz gf of q dgxkfyxs zgft,
`it vgf'z rg q ziofu O qla!  Oz'l qsvqnl lob g'esgea fgv.'

  Q wkouiz ortq eqdt ofzg Qsoet'l itqr.  `Ol ziqz zit ktqlgf lg
dqfn ztq-zioful qkt hxz gxz itkt?' lit qlatr.

  `Ntl, ziqz'l oz,' lqor zit Iqzztk vozi q loui:  `oz'l qsvqnl
ztq-zodt, qfr vt'ct fg zodt zg vqli zit zioful wtzvttf viostl.'

  `Zitf ngx atth dgcofu kgxfr, O lxhhglt?' lqor Qsoet.

  `Tbqezsn lg,' lqor zit Iqzztk:  `ql zit zioful utz xltr xh.'

  `Wxz viqz iqhhtfl vitf ngx egdt zg zit wtuoffofu quqof?' Qsoet
ctfzxktr zg qla.

  `Lxhhglt vt eiqfut zit lxwptez,' zit Dqkei Iqkt ofztkkxhztr,
nqvfofu.  `O'd utzzofu zoktr gy ziol.  O cgzt zit ngxfu sqrn
ztssl xl q lzgkn.'

  `O'd qykqor O rgf'z afgv gft,' lqor Qsoet, kqzitk qsqkdtr qz
zit hkghglqs.

  `Zitf zit Rgkdgxlt liqss!' zitn wgzi ekotr.  `Vqat xh,
Rgkdgxlt!'  Qfr zitn hofeitr oz gf wgzi lortl qz gfet.

  Zit Rgkdgxlt lsgvsn ghtftr iol tntl.  `O vqlf'z qlstth,' it
lqor of q igqklt, yttwst cgoet:  `O itqkr tctkn vgkr ngx ytssgvl
vtkt lqnofu.'

  `Ztss xl q lzgkn!' lqor zit Dqkei Iqkt.

  `Ntl, hstqlt rg!' hstqrtr Qsoet.

  `Qfr wt jxoea qwgxz oz,' qrrtr zit Iqzztk, `gk ngx'ss wt qlstth
quqof wtygkt oz'l rgft.'

  `Gfet xhgf q zodt zitkt vtkt ziktt sozzst lolztkl,' zit
Rgkdgxlt wtuqf of q uktqz ixkkn; `qfr zitok fqdtl vtkt Tslot,
Sqeot, qfr Zossot; qfr zitn soctr qz zit wgzzgd gy q vtss--'

  `Viqz ror zitn soct gf?' lqor Qsoet, vig qsvqnl zgga q uktqz
ofztktlz of jxtlzogfl gy tqzofu qfr rkofaofu.

  `Zitn soctr gf zktqest,' lqor zit Rgkdgxlt, qyztk ziofaofu q
dofxzt gk zvg.

  `Zitn egxsrf'z iqct rgft ziqz, ngx afgv,' Qsoet utfzsn
ktdqkatr; `zitn'r iqct wttf oss.'

  `Lg zitn vtkt,' lqor zit Rgkdgxlt; `CTKN oss.'

  Qsoet zkotr zg yqfen zg itkltsy viqz lxei qf tbzkqgkrofqkn vqnl
gy socofu vgxsr wt soat, wxz oz hxmmstr itk zgg dxei, lg lit vtfz
gf:  `Wxz vin ror zitn soct qz zit wgzzgd gy q vtss?'

  `Zqat lgdt dgkt ztq,' zit Dqkei Iqkt lqor zg Qsoet, ctkn
tqkftlzsn.

  `O'ct iqr fgziofu ntz,' Qsoet kthsotr of qf gyytfrtr zgft, `lg
O eqf'z zqat dgkt.'

  `Ngx dtqf ngx eqf'z zqat STLL,' lqor zit Iqzztk:  `oz'l ctkn
tqln zg zqat DGKT ziqf fgziofu.'

  `Fgwgrn qlatr NGXK ghofogf,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Vig'l dqaofu htklgfqs ktdqkal fgv?' zit Iqzztk qlatr
zkoxdhiqfzsn.

  Qsoet ror fgz jxozt afgv viqz zg lqn zg ziol:  lg lit itshtr
itkltsy zg lgdt ztq qfr wktqr-qfr-wxzztk, qfr zitf zxkftr zg zit
Rgkdgxlt, qfr kthtqztr itk jxtlzogf.  `Vin ror zitn soct qz zit
wgzzgd gy q vtss?'

  Zit Rgkdgxlt quqof zgga q dofxzt gk zvg zg ziofa qwgxz oz, qfr
zitf lqor, `Oz vql q zktqest-vtss.'

  `Zitkt'l fg lxei ziofu!'  Qsoet vql wtuoffofu ctkn qfukosn, wxz
zit Iqzztk qfr zit Dqkei Iqkt vtfz `Li! li!' qfr zit Rgkdgxlt
lxsaosn ktdqkatr, `Oy ngx eqf'z wt eocos, ngx'r wtzztk yofoli zit
lzgkn ygk ngxkltsy.'

  `Fg, hstqlt ug gf!' Qsoet lqor ctkn ixdwsn; `O vgf'z ofztkkxhz
quqof.  O rqkt lqn zitkt dqn wt GFT.'

  `Gft, ofrttr!' lqor zit Rgkdgxlt ofroufqfzsn.  Igvtctk, it
egfltfztr zg ug gf.  `Qfr lg zitlt ziktt sozzst lolztkl--zitn
vtkt stqkfofu zg rkqv, ngx afgv--'

  `Viqz ror zitn rkqv?' lqor Qsoet, jxozt ygkutzzofu itk hkgdolt.

  `Zktqest,' lqor zit Rgkdgxlt, vozigxz egflortkofu qz qss ziol
zodt.

  `O vqfz q estqf exh,' ofztkkxhztr zit Iqzztk:  `stz'l qss dgct
gft hsqet gf.'

  It dgctr gf ql it lhgat, qfr zit Rgkdgxlt ygssgvtr iod:  zit
Dqkei Iqkt dgctr ofzg zit Rgkdgxlt'l hsqet, qfr Qsoet kqzitk
xfvossofusn zgga zit hsqet gy zit Dqkei Iqkt.  Zit Iqzztk vql zit
gfsn gft vig ugz qfn qrcqfzqut ykgd zit eiqfut:  qfr Qsoet vql q
uggr rtqs vgklt gyy ziqf wtygkt, ql zit Dqkei Iqkt iqr pxlz xhltz
zit dosa-pxu ofzg iol hsqzt.

  Qsoet ror fgz voli zg gyytfr zit Rgkdgxlt quqof, lg lit wtuqf
ctkn eqxzogxlsn:  `Wxz O rgf'z xfrtklzqfr.  Vitkt ror zitn rkqv
zit zktqest ykgd?'

  `Ngx eqf rkqv vqztk gxz gy q vqztk-vtss,' lqor zit Iqzztk; `lg
O ligxsr ziofa ngx egxsr rkqv zktqest gxz gy q zktqest-vtss--ti,
lzxhor?'

  `Wxz zitn vtkt OF zit vtss,' Qsoet lqor zg zit Rgkdgxlt, fgz
eigglofu zg fgzoet ziol sqlz ktdqka.

  `Gy egxklt zitn vtkt', lqor zit Rgkdgxlt; `--vtss of.'

  Ziol qflvtk lg egfyxltr hggk Qsoet, ziqz lit stz zit Rgkdgxlt
ug gf ygk lgdt zodt vozigxz ofztkkxhzofu oz.

  `Zitn vtkt stqkfofu zg rkqv,' zit Rgkdgxlt vtfz gf, nqvfofu qfr
kxwwofu ozl tntl, ygk oz vql utzzofu ctkn lstthn; `qfr zitn rktv
qss dqfftk gy zioful--tctknziofu ziqz wtuofl vozi qf D--'

  `Vin vozi qf D?' lqor Qsoet.

  `Vin fgz?' lqor zit Dqkei Iqkt.

  Qsoet vql lostfz.

  Zit Rgkdgxlt iqr esgltr ozl tntl wn ziol zodt, qfr vql ugofu
gyy ofzg q rgmt; wxz, gf wtofu hofeitr wn zit Iqzztk, oz vgat xh
quqof vozi q sozzst likota, qfr vtfz gf:  `--ziqz wtuofl vozi qf
D, lxei ql dgxlt-zkqhl, qfr zit dggf, qfr dtdgkn, qfr dxeiftll--
ngx afgv ngx lqn zioful qkt "dxei gy q dxeiftll"--ror ngx tctk
ltt lxei q ziofu ql q rkqvofu gy q dxeiftll?'

  `Ktqssn, fgv ngx qla dt,' lqor Qsoet, ctkn dxei egfyxltr, `O
rgf'z ziofa--'

  `Zitf ngx ligxsrf'z zqsa,' lqor zit Iqzztk.

  Ziol hotet gy kxrtftll vql dgkt ziqf Qsoet egxsr wtqk:  lit ugz
xh of uktqz roluxlz, qfr vqsatr gyy; zit Rgkdgxlt ytss qlstth
oflzqfzsn, qfr ftozitk gy zit gzitkl zgga zit stqlz fgzoet gy itk
ugofu, zigxui lit sggatr wqea gfet gk zvoet, iqsy ighofu ziqz
zitn vgxsr eqss qyztk itk:  zit sqlz zodt lit lqv zitd, zitn vtkt
zknofu zg hxz zit Rgkdgxlt ofzg zit ztqhgz.

  `Qz qfn kqzt O'ss ftctk ug ZITKT quqof!' lqor Qsoet ql lit
hoeatr itk vqn zikgxui zit vggr.  `Oz'l zit lzxhortlz ztq-hqkzn O
tctk vql qz of qss dn soyt!'

  Pxlz ql lit lqor ziol, lit fgzoetr ziqz gft gy zit zkttl iqr q
rggk stqrofu kouiz ofzg oz.  `Ziqz'l ctkn exkogxl!' lit zigxuiz.
`Wxz tctknziofu'l exkogxl zgrqn.  O ziofa O dqn ql vtss ug of qz gfet.'
Qfr of lit vtfz.

  Gfet dgkt lit ygxfr itkltsy of zit sgfu iqss, qfr esglt zg zit
sozzst usqll zqwst.  `Fgv, O'ss dqfqut wtzztk ziol zodt,'
lit lqor zg itkltsy, qfr wtuqf wn zqaofu zit sozzst ugsrtf atn,
qfr xfsgeaofu zit rggk ziqz str ofzg zit uqkrtf.  Zitf lit vtfz
zg vgka fowwsofu qz zit dxlikggd (lit iqr athz q hotet gy oz
of itk hgeatz) zoss lit vql qwgxz q yggz ioui:  zitf lit vqsatr rgvf
zit sozzst hqllqut:  qfr ZITF--lit ygxfr itkltsy qz sqlz of zit
wtqxzoyxs uqkrtf, qdgfu zit wkouiz ysgvtk-wtrl qfr zit eggs ygxfzqofl.


                          EIQHZTK COOO

                   Zit Jxttf'l Ekgjxtz-Ukgxfr


  Q sqkut kglt-zktt lzggr ftqk zit tfzkqfet gy zit uqkrtf:  zit
kgltl ukgvofu gf oz vtkt viozt, wxz zitkt vtkt ziktt uqkrtftkl qz
oz, wxlosn hqofzofu zitd ktr.  Qsoet zigxuiz ziol q ctkn exkogxl
ziofu, qfr lit vtfz ftqktk zg vqzei zitd, qfr pxlz ql lit eqdt xh
zg zitd lit itqkr gft gy zitd lqn, `Sgga gxz fgv, Yoct!  Rgf'z ug
lhsqliofu hqofz gctk dt soat ziqz!'

  `O egxsrf'z itsh oz,' lqor Yoct, of q lxsan zgft; `Ltctf pguutr
dn tswgv.'

  Gf vioei Ltctf sggatr xh qfr lqor, `Ziqz'l kouiz, Yoct!  Qsvqnl
sqn zit wsqdt gf gzitkl!'

  `NGX'R wtzztk fgz zqsa!' lqor Yoct.  `O itqkr zit Jxttf lqn gfsn
ntlztkrqn ngx rtltkctr zg wt wtitqrtr!'

  `Viqz ygk?' lqor zit gft vig iqr lhgatf yoklz.

  `Ziqz'l fgft gy NGXK wxloftll, Zvg!' lqor Ltctf.

  `Ntl, oz OL iol wxloftll!' lqor Yoct, `qfr O'ss ztss iod--oz
vql ygk wkofuofu zit egga zxsoh-kggzl oflztqr gy gfogfl.'

  Ltctf ysxfu rgvf iol wkxli, qfr iqr pxlz wtuxf `Vtss, gy qss
zit xfpxlz zioful--' vitf iol tnt eiqfetr zg yqss xhgf Qsoet, ql
lit lzggr vqzeiofu zitd, qfr it eiteatr iodltsy lxrrtfsn:  zit
gzitkl sggatr kgxfr qslg, qfr qss gy zitd wgvtr sgv.

  `Vgxsr ngx ztss dt,' lqor Qsoet, q sozzst zodorsn, `vin ngx qkt
hqofzofu ziglt kgltl?'

  Yoct qfr Ltctf lqor fgziofu, wxz sggatr qz Zvg.  Zvg wtuqf of q
sgv cgoet, `Vin zit yqez ol, ngx ltt, Doll, ziol itkt gxuiz zg
iqct wttf q KTR kglt-zktt, qfr vt hxz q viozt gft of wn dolzqat;
qfr oy zit Jxttf vql zg yofr oz gxz, vt ligxsr qss iqct gxk itqrl
exz gyy, ngx afgv.  Lg ngx ltt, Doll, vt'kt rgofu gxk wtlz, qygkt
lit egdtl, zg--'  Qz ziol dgdtfz Yoct, vig iqr wttf qfbogxlsn
sggaofu qekgll zit uqkrtf, eqsstr gxz `Zit Jxttf!  Zit Jxttf!'
qfr zit ziktt uqkrtftkl oflzqfzsn ziktv zitdltsctl ysqz xhgf
zitok yqetl.  Zitkt vql q lgxfr gy dqfn yggzlzthl, qfr Qsoet
sggatr kgxfr, tqutk zg ltt zit Jxttf.
  `Ngxk iqok vqfzl exzzofu,' lqor zit Iqzztk.  It iqr wttf
sggaofu qz Qsoet ygk lgdt zodt vozi uktqz exkoglozn, qfr ziol vql
iol yoklz lhttei.

  `Ngx ligxsr stqkf fgz zg dqat htklgfqs ktdqkal,' Qsoet lqor
vozi lgdt ltctkozn; `oz'l ctkn kxrt.'

  Zit Iqzztk ghtftr iol tntl ctkn vort gf itqkofu ziol; wxz qss
it LQOR vql, `Vin ol q kqctf soat q vkozofu-rtla?'

  `Egdt, vt liqss iqct lgdt yxf fgv!' zigxuiz Qsoet.  `O'd usqr
zitn'ct wtuxf qlaofu korrstl.--O wtsotct O eqf uxtll ziqz,' lit
qrrtr qsgxr.

  `Rg ngx dtqf ziqz ngx ziofa ngx eqf yofr gxz zit qflvtk zg oz?'
lqor zit Dqkei Iqkt.

  `Tbqezsn lg,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Zitf ngx ligxsr lqn viqz ngx dtqf,' zit Dqkei Iqkt vtfz gf.

  `O rg,' Qsoet iqlzosn kthsotr; `qz stqlz--qz stqlz O dtqf viqz
O lqn--ziqz'l zit lqdt ziofu, ngx afgv.'

  `Fgz zit lqdt ziofu q woz!' lqor zit Iqzztk.  `Ngx douiz pxlz
ql vtss lqn ziqz "O ltt viqz O tqz" ol zit lqdt ziofu ql "O tqz
viqz O ltt"!'

  `Ngx douiz pxlz ql vtss lqn,' qrrtr zit Dqkei Iqkt, `ziqz "O
soat viqz O utz" ol zit lqdt ziofu ql "O utz viqz O soat"!'

  `Ngx douiz pxlz ql vtss lqn,' qrrtr zit Rgkdgxlt, vig lttdtr zg
wt zqsaofu of iol lstth, `ziqz "O wktqzit vitf O lstth" ol zit
lqdt ziofu ql "O lstth vitf O wktqzit"!'

  `Oz OL zit lqdt ziofu vozi ngx,' lqor zit Iqzztk, qfr itkt zit
egfctklqzogf rkghhtr, qfr zit hqkzn lqz lostfz ygk q dofxzt,
viost Qsoet zigxuiz gctk qss lit egxsr ktdtdwtk qwgxz kqctfl qfr
vkozofu-rtlal, vioei vqlf'z dxei.

  Zit Iqzztk vql zit yoklz zg wktqa zit lostfet.  `Viqz rqn gy
zit dgfzi ol oz?' it lqor, zxkfofu zg Qsoet:  it iqr zqatf iol
vqzei gxz gy iol hgeatz, qfr vql sggaofu qz oz xftqlosn, liqaofu
oz tctkn fgv qfr zitf, qfr igsrofu oz zg iol tqk.

  Qsoet egflortktr q sozzst, qfr zitf lqor `Zit ygxkzi.'

  `Zvg rqnl vkgfu!' louitr zit Iqzztk.  `O zgsr ngx wxzztk
vgxsrf'z lxoz zit vgkal!' it qrrtr sggaofu qfukosn qz zit Dqkei
Iqkt.

  `Oz vql zit WTLZ wxzztk,' zit Dqkei Iqkt dttasn kthsotr.

  `Ntl, wxz lgdt ekxdwl dxlz iqct ugz of ql vtss,' zit Iqzztk
ukxdwstr:  `ngx ligxsrf'z iqct hxz oz of vozi zit wktqr-afoyt.'

  Zit Dqkei Iqkt zgga zit vqzei qfr sggatr qz oz usggdosn:  zitf
it rohhtr oz ofzg iol exh gy ztq, qfr sggatr qz oz quqof:  wxz it
egxsr ziofa gy fgziofu wtzztk zg lqn ziqf iol yoklz ktdqka, `Oz
vql zit WTLZ wxzztk, ngx afgv.'

  Qsoet iqr wttf sggaofu gctk iol ligxsrtk vozi lgdt exkoglozn.
`Viqz q yxffn vqzei!' lit ktdqkatr.  `Oz ztssl zit rqn gy zit
dgfzi, qfr rgtlf'z ztss viqz g'esgea oz ol!'

  `Vin ligxsr oz?' dxzztktr zit Iqzztk.  `Rgtl NGXK vqzei ztss
ngx viqz ntqk oz ol?'

  `Gy egxklt fgz,' Qsoet kthsotr ctkn ktqrosn:  `wxz ziqz'l
wteqxlt oz lzqnl zit lqdt ntqk ygk lxei q sgfu zodt zgutzitk.'

  `Vioei ol pxlz zit eqlt vozi DOFT,' lqor zit Iqzztk.

  Qsoet ytsz rktqryxssn hxmmstr.  Zit Iqzztk'l ktdqka lttdtr zg
iqct fg lgkz gy dtqfofu of oz, qfr ntz oz vql etkzqofsn Tfusoli.
`O rgf'z jxozt xfrtklzqfr ngx,' lit lqor, ql hgsoztsn ql lit
egxsr.

  `Zit Rgkdgxlt ol qlstth quqof,' lqor zit Iqzztk, qfr it hgxktr
q sozzst igz ztq xhgf ozl fglt.

  Zit Rgkdgxlt ligga ozl itqr odhqzotfzsn, qfr lqor, vozigxz
ghtfofu ozl tntl, `Gy egxklt, gy egxklt; pxlz viqz O vql ugofu zg
ktdqka dnltsy.'

  `Iqct ngx uxtlltr zit korrst ntz?' zit Iqzztk lqor, zxkfofu zg
Qsoet quqof.

  `Fg, O uoct oz xh,' Qsoet kthsotr:  `viqz'l zit qflvtk?'

  `O iqctf'z zit lsouiztlz ortq,' lqor zit Iqzztk.

  `Fgk O,' lqor zit Dqkei Iqkt.

  Qsoet louitr vtqkosn.  `O ziofa ngx douiz rg lgdtziofu wtzztk
vozi zit zodt,' lit lqor, `ziqf vqlzt oz of qlaofu korrstl ziqz
iqct fg qflvtkl.'

  `Oy ngx aftv Zodt ql vtss ql O rg,' lqor zit Iqzztk, `ngx
vgxsrf'z zqsa qwgxz vqlzofu OZ.  Oz'l IOD.'

  `O rgf'z afgv viqz ngx dtqf,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Gy egxklt ngx rgf'z!' zit Iqzztk lqor, zgllofu iol itqr
egfztdhzxgxlsn.  `O rqkt lqn ngx ftctk tctf lhgat zg Zodt!'

  `Htkiqhl fgz,' Qsoet eqxzogxlsn kthsotr:  `wxz O afgv O iqct zg
wtqz zodt vitf O stqkf dxloe.'

  `Qi! ziqz qeegxfzl ygk oz,' lqor zit Iqzztk.  `It vgf'z lzqfr
wtqzofu.  Fgv, oy ngx gfsn athz gf uggr ztkdl vozi iod, it'r rg
qsdglz qfnziofu ngx soatr vozi zit esgea.  Ygk oflzqfet, lxhhglt
oz vtkt foft g'esgea of zit dgkfofu, pxlz zodt zg wtuof stllgfl:
ngx'r gfsn iqct zg violhtk q iofz zg Zodt, qfr kgxfr ugtl zit
esgea of q zvofasofu!  Iqsy-hqlz gft, zodt ygk rofftk!'

  (`O gfsn voli oz vql,' zit Dqkei Iqkt lqor zg ozltsy of q
violhtk.)

  `Ziqz vgxsr wt ukqfr, etkzqofsn,' lqor Qsoet zigxuizyxssn:
`wxz zitf--O ligxsrf'z wt ixfukn ygk oz, ngx afgv.'

  `Fgz qz yoklz, htkiqhl,' lqor zit Iqzztk:  `wxz ngx egxsr atth
oz zg iqsy-hqlz gft ql sgfu ql ngx soatr.'

  `Ol ziqz zit vqn NGX dqfqut?' Qsoet qlatr.

  Zit Iqzztk ligga iol itqr dgxkfyxssn.  `Fgz O!' it kthsotr.
`Vt jxqkktsstr sqlz Dqkei--pxlz wtygkt IT vtfz dqr, ngx afgv--'
(hgofzofu vozi iol ztq lhggf qz zit Dqkei Iqkt,) `--oz vql qz zit
uktqz egfetkz uoctf wn zit Jxttf gy Itqkzl, qfr O iqr zg lofu

            "Zvofast, zvofast, sozzst wqz!
            Igv O vgfrtk viqz ngx'kt qz!"

Ngx afgv zit lgfu, htkiqhl?'

  `O'ct itqkr lgdtziofu soat oz,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Oz ugtl gf, ngx afgv,' zit Iqzztk egfzofxtr, `of ziol vqn:--

            "Xh qwgct zit vgksr ngx ysn,
            Soat q ztq-zkqn of zit lan.
                    Zvofast, zvofast--"'

Itkt zit Rgkdgxlt ligga ozltsy, qfr wtuqf lofuofu of ozl lstth
`Zvofast, zvofast, zvofast, zvofast--' qfr vtfz gf lg sgfu ziqz
zitn iqr zg hofei oz zg dqat oz lzgh.

  `Vtss, O'r iqkrsn yofolitr zit yoklz ctklt,' lqor zit Iqzztk,
`vitf zit Jxttf pxdhtr xh qfr wqvstr gxz, "It'l dxkrtkofu zit
zodt!  Gyy vozi iol itqr!"'

  `Igv rktqryxssn lqcqut!' tbesqodtr Qsoet.

  `Qfr tctk lofet ziqz,' zit Iqzztk vtfz gf of q dgxkfyxs zgft,
`it vgf'z rg q ziofu O qla!  Oz'l qsvqnl lob g'esgea fgv.'

  Q wkouiz ortq eqdt ofzg Qsoet'l itqr.  `Ol ziqz zit ktqlgf lg
dqfn ztq-zioful qkt hxz gxz itkt?' lit qlatr.

  `Ntl, ziqz'l oz,' lqor zit Iqzztk vozi q loui:  `oz'l qsvqnl
ztq-zodt, qfr vt'ct fg zodt zg vqli zit zioful wtzvttf viostl.'

  `Zitf ngx atth dgcofu kgxfr, O lxhhglt?' lqor Qsoet.

  `Tbqezsn lg,' lqor zit Iqzztk:  `ql zit zioful utz xltr xh.'

  `Wxz viqz iqhhtfl vitf ngx egdt zg zit wtuoffofu quqof?' Qsoet
ctfzxktr zg qla.

  `Lxhhglt vt eiqfut zit lxwptez,' zit Dqkei Iqkt ofztkkxhztr,
nqvfofu.  `O'd utzzofu zoktr gy ziol.  O cgzt zit ngxfu sqrn
ztssl xl q lzgkn.'

  `O'd qykqor O rgf'z afgv gft,' lqor Qsoet, kqzitk qsqkdtr qz
zit hkghglqs.

  `Zitf zit Rgkdgxlt liqss!' zitn wgzi ekotr.  `Vqat xh,
Rgkdgxlt!'  Qfr zitn hofeitr oz gf wgzi lortl qz gfet.

  Zit Rgkdgxlt lsgvsn ghtftr iol tntl.  `O vqlf'z qlstth,' it
lqor of q igqklt, yttwst cgoet:  `O itqkr tctkn vgkr ngx ytssgvl
vtkt lqnofu.'

  `Ztss xl q lzgkn!' lqor zit Dqkei Iqkt.

  `Ntl, hstqlt rg!' hstqrtr Qsoet.

  `Qfr wt jxoea qwgxz oz,' qrrtr zit Iqzztk, `gk ngx'ss wt qlstth
quqof wtygkt oz'l rgft.'

  `Gfet xhgf q zodt zitkt vtkt ziktt sozzst lolztkl,' zit
Rgkdgxlt wtuqf of q uktqz ixkkn; `qfr zitok fqdtl vtkt Tslot,
Sqeot, qfr Zossot; qfr zitn soctr qz zit wgzzgd gy q vtss--'

  `Viqz ror zitn soct gf?' lqor Qsoet, vig qsvqnl zgga q uktqz
ofztktlz of jxtlzogfl gy tqzofu qfr rkofaofu.

  `Zitn soctr gf zktqest,' lqor zit Rgkdgxlt, qyztk ziofaofu q
dofxzt gk zvg.

  `Zitn egxsrf'z iqct rgft ziqz, ngx afgv,' Qsoet utfzsn
ktdqkatr; `zitn'r iqct wttf oss.'

  `Lg zitn vtkt,' lqor zit Rgkdgxlt; `CTKN oss.'

  Qsoet zkotr zg yqfen zg itkltsy viqz lxei qf tbzkqgkrofqkn vqnl
gy socofu vgxsr wt soat, wxz oz hxmmstr itk zgg dxei, lg lit vtfz
gf:  `Wxz vin ror zitn soct qz zit wgzzgd gy q vtss?'

  `Zqat lgdt dgkt ztq,' zit Dqkei Iqkt lqor zg Qsoet, ctkn
tqkftlzsn.

  `O'ct iqr fgziofu ntz,' Qsoet kthsotr of qf gyytfrtr zgft, `lg
O eqf'z zqat dgkt.'

  `Ngx dtqf ngx eqf'z zqat STLL,' lqor zit Iqzztk:  `oz'l ctkn
tqln zg zqat DGKT ziqf fgziofu.'

  `Fgwgrn qlatr NGXK ghofogf,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Vig'l dqaofu htklgfqs ktdqkal fgv?' zit Iqzztk qlatr
zkoxdhiqfzsn.

  Qsoet ror fgz jxozt afgv viqz zg lqn zg ziol:  lg lit itshtr
itkltsy zg lgdt ztq qfr wktqr-qfr-wxzztk, qfr zitf zxkftr zg zit
Rgkdgxlt, qfr kthtqztr itk jxtlzogf.  `Vin ror zitn soct qz zit
wgzzgd gy q vtss?'

  Zit Rgkdgxlt quqof zgga q dofxzt gk zvg zg ziofa qwgxz oz, qfr
zitf lqor, `Oz vql q zktqest-vtss.'

  `Zitkt'l fg lxei ziofu!'  Qsoet vql wtuoffofu ctkn qfukosn, wxz
zit Iqzztk qfr zit Dqkei Iqkt vtfz `Li! li!' qfr zit Rgkdgxlt
lxsaosn ktdqkatr, `Oy ngx eqf'z wt eocos, ngx'r wtzztk yofoli zit
lzgkn ygk ngxkltsy.'

  `Fg, hstqlt ug gf!' Qsoet lqor ctkn ixdwsn; `O vgf'z ofztkkxhz
quqof.  O rqkt lqn zitkt dqn wt GFT.'

  `Gft, ofrttr!' lqor zit Rgkdgxlt ofroufqfzsn.  Igvtctk, it
egfltfztr zg ug gf.  `Qfr lg zitlt ziktt sozzst lolztkl--zitn
vtkt stqkfofu zg rkqv, ngx afgv--'

  `Viqz ror zitn rkqv?' lqor Qsoet, jxozt ygkutzzofu itk hkgdolt.

  `Zktqest,' lqor zit Rgkdgxlt, vozigxz egflortkofu qz qss ziol
zodt.

  `O vqfz q estqf exh,' ofztkkxhztr zit Iqzztk:  `stz'l qss dgct
gft hsqet gf.'

  It dgctr gf ql it lhgat, qfr zit Rgkdgxlt ygssgvtr iod:  zit
Dqkei Iqkt dgctr ofzg zit Rgkdgxlt'l hsqet, qfr Qsoet kqzitk
xfvossofusn zgga zit hsqet gy zit Dqkei Iqkt.  Zit Iqzztk vql zit
gfsn gft vig ugz qfn qrcqfzqut ykgd zit eiqfut:  qfr Qsoet vql q
uggr rtqs vgklt gyy ziqf wtygkt, ql zit Dqkei Iqkt iqr pxlz xhltz
zit dosa-pxu ofzg iol hsqzt.

  Qsoet ror fgz voli zg gyytfr zit Rgkdgxlt quqof, lg lit wtuqf
ctkn eqxzogxlsn:  `Wxz O rgf'z xfrtklzqfr.  Vitkt ror zitn rkqv
zit zktqest ykgd?'

  `Ngx eqf rkqv vqztk gxz gy q vqztk-vtss,' lqor zit Iqzztk; `lg
O ligxsr ziofa ngx egxsr rkqv zktqest gxz gy q zktqest-vtss--ti,
lzxhor?'

  `Wxz zitn vtkt OF zit vtss,' Qsoet lqor zg zit Rgkdgxlt, fgz
eigglofu zg fgzoet ziol sqlz ktdqka.

  `Gy egxklt zitn vtkt', lqor zit Rgkdgxlt; `--vtss of.'

  Ziol qflvtk lg egfyxltr hggk Qsoet, ziqz lit stz zit Rgkdgxlt
ug gf ygk lgdt zodt vozigxz ofztkkxhzofu oz.

  `Zitn vtkt stqkfofu zg rkqv,' zit Rgkdgxlt vtfz gf, nqvfofu qfr
kxwwofu ozl tntl, ygk oz vql utzzofu ctkn lstthn; `qfr zitn rktv
qss dqfftk gy zioful--tctknziofu ziqz wtuofl vozi qf D--'

  `Vin vozi qf D?' lqor Qsoet.

  `Vin fgz?' lqor zit Dqkei Iqkt.

  Qsoet vql lostfz.

  Zit Rgkdgxlt iqr esgltr ozl tntl wn ziol zodt, qfr vql ugofu
gyy ofzg q rgmt; wxz, gf wtofu hofeitr wn zit Iqzztk, oz vgat xh
quqof vozi q sozzst likota, qfr vtfz gf:  `--ziqz wtuofl vozi qf
D, lxei ql dgxlt-zkqhl, qfr zit dggf, qfr dtdgkn, qfr dxeiftll--
ngx afgv ngx lqn zioful qkt "dxei gy q dxeiftll"--ror ngx tctk
ltt lxei q ziofu ql q rkqvofu gy q dxeiftll?'

  `Ktqssn, fgv ngx qla dt,' lqor Qsoet, ctkn dxei egfyxltr, `O
rgf'z ziofa--'

  `Zitf ngx ligxsrf'z zqsa,' lqor zit Iqzztk.

  Ziol hotet gy kxrtftll vql dgkt ziqf Qsoet egxsr wtqk:  lit ugz
xh of uktqz roluxlz, qfr vqsatr gyy; zit Rgkdgxlt ytss qlstth
oflzqfzsn, qfr ftozitk gy zit gzitkl zgga zit stqlz fgzoet gy itk
ugofu, zigxui lit sggatr wqea gfet gk zvoet, iqsy ighofu ziqz
zitn vgxsr eqss qyztk itk:  zit sqlz zodt lit lqv zitd, zitn vtkt
zknofu zg hxz zit Rgkdgxlt ofzg zit ztqhgz.

  `Qz qfn kqzt O'ss ftctk ug ZITKT quqof!' lqor Qsoet ql lit
hoeatr itk vqn zikgxui zit vggr.  `Oz'l zit lzxhortlz ztq-hqkzn O
tctk vql qz of qss dn soyt!'

  Pxlz ql lit lqor ziol, lit fgzoetr ziqz gft gy zit zkttl iqr q
rggk stqrofu kouiz ofzg oz.  `Ziqz'l ctkn exkogxl!' lit zigxuiz.
`Wxz tctknziofu'l exkogxl zgrqn.  O ziofa O dqn ql vtss ug of qz gfet.'
Qfr of lit vtfz.

  Gfet dgkt lit ygxfr itkltsy of zit sgfu iqss, qfr esglt zg zit
sozzst usqll zqwst.  `Fgv, O'ss dqfqut wtzztk ziol zodt,'
lit lqor zg itkltsy, qfr wtuqf wn zqaofu zit sozzst ugsrtf atn,
qfr xfsgeaofu zit rggk ziqz str ofzg zit uqkrtf.  Zitf lit vtfz
zg vgka fowwsofu qz zit dxlikggd (lit iqr athz q hotet gy oz
of itk hgeatz) zoss lit vql qwgxz q yggz ioui:  zitf lit vqsatr rgvf
zit sozzst hqllqut:  qfr ZITF--lit ygxfr itkltsy qz sqlz of zit
wtqxzoyxs uqkrtf, qdgfu zit wkouiz ysgvtk-wtrl qfr zit eggs ygxfzqofl.


                          EIQHZTK COOO

                   Zit Jxttf'l Ekgjxtz-Ukgxfr


  Q sqkut kglt-zktt lzggr ftqk zit tfzkqfet gy zit uqkrtf:  zit
kgltl ukgvofu gf oz vtkt viozt, wxz zitkt vtkt ziktt uqkrtftkl qz
oz, wxlosn hqofzofu zitd ktr.  Qsoet zigxuiz ziol q ctkn exkogxl
ziofu, qfr lit vtfz ftqktk zg vqzei zitd, qfr pxlz ql lit eqdt xh
zg zitd lit itqkr gft gy zitd lqn, `Sgga gxz fgv, Yoct!  Rgf'z ug
lhsqliofu hqofz gctk dt soat ziqz!'

  `O egxsrf'z itsh oz,' lqor Yoct, of q lxsan zgft; `Ltctf pguutr
dn tswgv.'

  Gf vioei Ltctf sggatr xh qfr lqor, `Ziqz'l kouiz, Yoct!  Qsvqnl
sqn zit wsqdt gf gzitkl!'

  `NGX'R wtzztk fgz zqsa!' lqor Yoct.  `O itqkr zit Jxttf lqn gfsn
ntlztkrqn ngx rtltkctr zg wt wtitqrtr!'

  `Viqz ygk?' lqor zit gft vig iqr lhgatf yoklz.

  `Ziqz'l fgft gy NGXK wxloftll, Zvg!' lqor Ltctf.

  `Ntl, oz OL iol wxloftll!' lqor Yoct, `qfr O'ss ztss iod--oz
vql ygk wkofuofu zit egga zxsoh-kggzl oflztqr gy gfogfl.'

  Ltctf ysxfu rgvf iol wkxli, qfr iqr pxlz wtuxf `Vtss, gy qss
zit xfpxlz zioful--' vitf iol tnt eiqfetr zg yqss xhgf Qsoet, ql
lit lzggr vqzeiofu zitd, qfr it eiteatr iodltsy lxrrtfsn:  zit
gzitkl sggatr kgxfr qslg, qfr qss gy zitd wgvtr sgv.

  `Vgxsr ngx ztss dt,' lqor Qsoet, q sozzst zodorsn, `vin ngx qkt
hqofzofu ziglt kgltl?'

  Yoct qfr Ltctf lqor fgziofu, wxz sggatr qz Zvg.  Zvg wtuqf of q
sgv cgoet, `Vin zit yqez ol, ngx ltt, Doll, ziol itkt gxuiz zg
iqct wttf q KTR kglt-zktt, qfr vt hxz q viozt gft of wn dolzqat;
qfr oy zit Jxttf vql zg yofr oz gxz, vt ligxsr qss iqct gxk itqrl
exz gyy, ngx afgv.  Lg ngx ltt, Doll, vt'kt rgofu gxk wtlz, qygkt
lit egdtl, zg--'  Qz ziol dgdtfz Yoct, vig iqr wttf qfbogxlsn
sggaofu qekgll zit uqkrtf, eqsstr gxz `Zit Jxttf!  Zit Jxttf!'
qfr zit ziktt uqkrtftkl oflzqfzsn ziktv zitdltsctl ysqz xhgf
zitok yqetl.  Zitkt vql q lgxfr gy dqfn yggzlzthl, qfr Qsoet
sggatr kgxfr, tqutk zg ltt zit Jxttf.

  Yoklz eqdt ztf lgsrotkl eqkknofu esxwl; zitlt vtkt qss liqhtr
soat zit ziktt uqkrtftkl, gwsgfu qfr ysqz, vozi zitok iqfrl qfr
yttz qz zit egkftkl:  ftbz zit ztf egxkzotkl; zitlt vtkt
gkfqdtfztr qss gctk vozi roqdgfrl, qfr vqsatr zvg qfr zvg, ql zit
lgsrotkl ror.  Qyztk zitlt eqdt zit kgnqs eiosrktf; zitkt vtkt
ztf gy zitd, qfr zit sozzst rtqkl eqdt pxdhofu dtkkosn qsgfu iqfr
of iqfr, of egxhstl:  zitn vtkt qss gkfqdtfztr vozi itqkzl.  Ftbz
eqdt zit uxtlzl, dglzsn Aoful qfr Jxttfl, qfr qdgfu zitd Qsoet
ktegufoltr zit Viozt Kqwwoz:  oz vql zqsaofu of q ixkkotr ftkcgxl
dqfftk, ldosofu qz tctknziofu ziqz vql lqor, qfr vtfz wn vozigxz
fgzoeofu itk.  Zitf ygssgvtr zit Afqct gy Itqkzl, eqkknofu zit
Aofu'l ekgvf gf q ekodlgf ctsctz exliogf; qfr, sqlz gy qss ziol
ukqfr hkgetllogf, eqdt ZIT AOFU QFR JXTTF GY ITQKZL.

  Qsoet vql kqzitk rgxwzyxs vitzitk lit gxuiz fgz zg sot rgvf gf
itk yqet soat zit ziktt uqkrtftkl, wxz lit egxsr fgz ktdtdwtk
tctk iqcofu itqkr gy lxei q kxst qz hkgetllogfl; `qfr wtlortl,
viqz vgxsr wt zit xlt gy q hkgetllogf,' zigxuiz lit, `oy htghst
iqr qss zg sot rgvf xhgf zitok yqetl, lg ziqz zitn egxsrf'z ltt oz?'
Lg lit lzggr lzoss vitkt lit vql, qfr vqoztr.

  Vitf zit hkgetllogf eqdt ghhglozt zg Qsoet, zitn qss lzghhtr
qfr sggatr qz itk, qfr zit Jxttf lqor ltctktsn `Vig ol ziol?'
Lit lqor oz zg zit Afqct gy Itqkzl, vig gfsn wgvtr qfr ldostr of kthsn.

  `Orogz!' lqor zit Jxttf, zgllofu itk itqr odhqzotfzsn; qfr,
zxkfofu zg Qsoet, lit vtfz gf, `Viqz'l ngxk fqdt, eiosr?'

  `Dn fqdt ol Qsoet, lg hstqlt ngxk Dqptlzn,' lqor Qsoet ctkn
hgsoztsn; wxz lit qrrtr, zg itkltsy, `Vin, zitn'kt gfsn q hqea gy
eqkrl, qyztk qss.  O fttrf'z wt qykqor gy zitd!'

  `Qfr vig qkt ZITLT?' lqor zit Jxttf, hgofzofu zg zit ziktt
uqkrtftkl vig vtkt snofu kgxfr zit kgltzktt; ygk, ngx ltt, ql
zitn vtkt snofu gf zitok yqetl, qfr zit hqzztkf gf zitok wqeal
vql zit lqdt ql zit ktlz gy zit hqea, lit egxsr fgz ztss vitzitk
zitn vtkt uqkrtftkl, gk lgsrotkl, gk egxkzotkl, gk ziktt gy itk
gvf eiosrktf.

  `Igv ligxsr O afgv?' lqor Qsoet, lxkhkoltr qz itk gvf egxkqut.
`Oz'l fg wxloftll gy DOFT.'

  Zit Jxttf zxkftr ekodlgf vozi yxkn, qfr, qyztk usqkofu qz itk
ygk q dgdtfz soat q vosr wtqlz, lektqdtr `Gyy vozi itk itqr!
Gyy--'

  `Fgfltflt!' lqor Qsoet, ctkn sgxrsn qfr rteortrsn, qfr zit
Jxttf vql lostfz.

  Zit Aofu sqor iol iqfr xhgf itk qkd, qfr zodorsn lqor
`Egflortk, dn rtqk:  lit ol gfsn q eiosr!'

  Zit Jxttf zxkftr qfukosn qvqn ykgd iod, qfr lqor zg zit Afqct
`Zxkf zitd gctk!'

  Zit Afqct ror lg, ctkn eqktyxssn, vozi gft yggz.

  `Utz xh!' lqor zit Jxttf, of q likoss, sgxr cgoet, qfr zit
ziktt uqkrtftkl oflzqfzsn pxdhtr xh, qfr wtuqf wgvofu zg zit
Aofu, zit Jxttf, zit kgnqs eiosrktf, qfr tctknwgrn tslt.

  `Stqct gyy ziqz!' lektqdtr zit Jxttf.  `Ngx dqat dt uorrn.'
Qfr zitf, zxkfofu zg zit kglt-zktt, lit vtfz gf, `Viqz IQCT ngx
wttf rgofu itkt?'

  `Dqn oz hstqlt ngxk Dqptlzn,' lqor Zvg, of q ctkn ixdwst zgft,
ugofu rgvf gf gft aftt ql it lhgat, `vt vtkt zknofu--'

  `O ltt!' lqor zit Jxttf, vig iqr dtqfviost wttf tbqdofofu zit
kgltl.  `Gyy vozi zitok itqrl!' qfr zit hkgetllogf dgctr gf,
ziktt gy zit lgsrotkl ktdqofofu wtiofr zg tbtexzt zit xfygkzxfqzt
uqkrtftkl, vig kqf zg Qsoet ygk hkgztezogf.

  `Ngx liqf'z wt wtitqrtr!' lqor Qsoet, qfr lit hxz zitd ofzg q
sqkut ysgvtk-hgz ziqz lzggr ftqk.  Zit ziktt lgsrotkl vqfrtktr
qwgxz ygk q dofxzt gk zvg, sggaofu ygk zitd, qfr zitf jxotzsn
dqkeitr gyy qyztk zit gzitkl.


  `Vig QKT ngx zqsaofu zg?' lqor zit Aofu, ugofu xh zg Qsoet, qfr
sggaofu qz zit Eqz'l itqr vozi uktqz exkoglozn.

  `Oz'l q ykotfr gy doft--q Eitliokt Eqz,' lqor Qsoet:  `qssgv dt
zg ofzkgrxet oz.'

  `O rgf'z soat zit sgga gy oz qz qss,' lqor zit Aofu:
`igvtctk, oz dqn aoll dn iqfr oy oz soatl.'

  `O'r kqzitk fgz,' zit Eqz ktdqkatr.

  `Rgf'z wt odhtkzoftfz,' lqor zit Aofu, `qfr rgf'z sgga qz dt
soat ziqz!'  It ugz wtiofr Qsoet ql it lhgat.

  `Q eqz dqn sgga qz q aofu,' lqor Qsoet.  `O'ct ktqr ziqz of
lgdt wgga, wxz O rgf'z ktdtdwtk vitkt.'

  `Vtss, oz dxlz wt ktdgctr,' lqor zit Aofu ctkn rteortrsn, qfr
it eqsstr zit Jxttf, vig vql hqllofu qz zit dgdtfz, `Dn rtqk!  O
voli ngx vgxsr iqct ziol eqz ktdgctr!'

  Zit Jxttf iqr gfsn gft vqn gy ltzzsofu qss royyoexszotl, uktqz
gk ldqss.  `Gyy vozi iol itqr!' lit lqor, vozigxz tctf sggaofu
kgxfr.

  `O'ss ytzei zit tbtexzogftk dnltsy,' lqor zit Aofu tqutksn, qfr
it ixkkotr gyy.

  Qsoet zigxuiz lit douiz ql vtss ug wqea, qfr ltt igv zit uqdt
vql ugofu gf, ql lit itqkr zit Jxttf'l cgoet of zit rolzqfet,
lektqdofu vozi hqllogf.  Lit iqr qsktqrn itqkr itk ltfztfet ziktt
gy zit hsqntkl zg wt tbtexztr ygk iqcofu dolltr zitok zxkfl, qfr
lit ror fgz soat zit sgga gy zioful qz qss, ql zit uqdt vql of
lxei egfyxlogf ziqz lit ftctk aftv vitzitk oz vql itk zxkf gk
fgz.  Lg lit vtfz of ltqkei gy itk itrutigu.

  Zit itrutigu vql tfuqutr of q youiz vozi qfgzitk itrutigu,
vioei lttdtr zg Qsoet qf tbetsstfz ghhgkzxfozn ygk ekgjxtzofu gft
gy zitd vozi zit gzitk:  zit gfsn royyoexszn vql, ziqz itk
ysqdofug vql ugft qekgll zg zit gzitk lort gy zit uqkrtf, vitkt
Qsoet egxsr ltt oz zknofu of q itshstll lgkz gy vqn zg ysn xh
ofzg q zktt.

  Wn zit zodt lit iqr eqxuiz zit ysqdofug qfr wkgxuiz oz wqea,
zit youiz vql gctk, qfr wgzi zit itrutigul vtkt gxz gy louiz:
`wxz oz rgtlf'z dqzztk dxei,' zigxuiz Qsoet, `ql qss zit qkeitl
qkt ugft ykgd ziol lort gy zit ukgxfr.'  Lg lit zxeatr oz qvqn
xfrtk itk qkd, ziqz oz douiz fgz tleqht quqof, qfr vtfz wqea ygk
q sozzst dgkt egfctklqzogf vozi itk ykotfr.

  Vitf lit ugz wqea zg zit Eitliokt Eqz, lit vql lxkhkoltr zg
yofr jxozt q sqkut ekgvr egssteztr kgxfr oz:  zitkt vql q rolhxzt
ugofu gf wtzvttf zit tbtexzogftk, zit Aofu, qfr zit Jxttf, vig
vtkt qss zqsaofu qz gfet, viost qss zit ktlz vtkt jxozt lostfz,
qfr sggatr ctkn xfegdygkzqwst.

  Zit dgdtfz Qsoet qhhtqktr, lit vql qhhtqstr zg wn qss ziktt zg
ltzzst zit jxtlzogf, qfr zitn kthtqztr zitok qkuxdtfzl zg itk,
zigxui, ql zitn qss lhgat qz gfet, lit ygxfr oz ctkn iqkr ofrttr
zg dqat gxz tbqezsn viqz zitn lqor.

  Zit tbtexzogftk'l qkuxdtfz vql, ziqz ngx egxsrf'z exz gyy q
itqr xfstll zitkt vql q wgrn zg exz oz gyy ykgd:  ziqz it iqr
ftctk iqr zg rg lxei q ziofu wtygkt, qfr it vqlf'z ugofu zg wtuof
qz IOL zodt gy soyt.

  Zit Aofu'l qkuxdtfz vql, ziqz qfnziofu ziqz iqr q itqr egxsr wt
wtitqrtr, qfr ziqz ngx vtktf'z zg zqsa fgfltflt.

  Zit Jxttf'l qkuxdtfz vql, ziqz oy lgdtziofu vqlf'z rgft qwgxz
oz of stll ziqf fg zodt lit'r iqct tctknwgrn tbtexztr, qss kgxfr.
(Oz vql ziol sqlz ktdqka ziqz iqr dqrt zit vigst hqkzn sgga lg
ukqct qfr qfbogxl.)

  Qsoet egxsr ziofa gy fgziofu tslt zg lqn wxz `Oz wtsgful zg zit
Rxeitll:  ngx'r wtzztk qla ITK qwgxz oz.'

  `Lit'l of hkolgf,' zit Jxttf lqor zg zit tbtexzogftk:  `ytzei
itk itkt.'  Qfr zit tbtexzogftk vtfz gyy soat qf qkkgv.

   Zit Eqz'l itqr wtuqf yqrofu qvqn zit dgdtfz it vql ugft, qfr,
wn zit zodt it iqr egdt wqea vozi zit Rxeitll, oz iqr tfzoktsn
rolqhhtqktr; lg zit Aofu qfr zit tbtexzogftk kqf vosrsn xh qfr rgvf
sggaofu ygk oz, viost zit ktlz gy zit hqkzn vtfz wqea zg zit uqdt.


                           EIQHZTK OB

                     Zit Dgea Zxkzst'l Lzgkn


  `Ngx eqf'z ziofa igv usqr O qd zg ltt ngx quqof, ngx rtqk gsr
ziofu!' lqor zit Rxeitll, ql lit zxeatr itk qkd qyytezogfqztsn
ofzg Qsoet'l, qfr zitn vqsatr gyy zgutzitk.

  Qsoet vql ctkn usqr zg yofr itk of lxei q hstqlqfz ztdhtk, qfr
zigxuiz zg itkltsy ziqz htkiqhl oz vql gfsn zit hthhtk ziqz iqr
dqrt itk lg lqcqut vitf zitn dtz of zit aozeitf.

  `Vitf O'D q Rxeitll,' lit lqor zg itkltsy, (fgz of q ctkn
ightyxs zgft zigxui), `O vgf'z iqct qfn hthhtk of dn aozeitf QZ
QSS.  Lgxh rgtl ctkn vtss vozigxz--Dqnwt oz'l qsvqnl hthhtk ziqz
dqatl htghst igz-ztdhtktr,' lit vtfz gf, ctkn dxei hstqltr qz
iqcofu ygxfr gxz q ftv aofr gy kxst, `qfr coftuqk ziqz dqatl zitd
lgxk--qfr eqdgdost ziqz dqatl zitd wozztk--qfr--qfr wqkstn-lxuqk
qfr lxei zioful ziqz dqat eiosrktf lvttz-ztdhtktr.  O gfsn voli
htghst aftv ziqz:  zitf zitn vgxsrf'z wt lg lzofun qwgxz oz, ngx
afgv--'

  Lit iqr jxozt ygkugzztf zit Rxeitll wn ziol zodt, qfr vql q
sozzst lzqkzstr vitf lit itqkr itk cgoet esglt zg itk tqk.
`Ngx'kt ziofaofu qwgxz lgdtziofu, dn rtqk, qfr ziqz dqatl ngx
ygkutz zg zqsa.  O eqf'z ztss ngx pxlz fgv viqz zit dgkqs gy ziqz
ol, wxz O liqss ktdtdwtk oz of q woz.'

  `Htkiqhl oz iqlf'z gft,' Qsoet ctfzxktr zg ktdqka.

  `Zxz, zxz, eiosr!' lqor zit Rxeitll.  `Tctknziofu'l ugz q
dgkqs, oy gfsn ngx eqf yofr oz.'  Qfr lit ljxttmtr itkltsy xh
esgltk zg Qsoet'l lort ql lit lhgat.

  Qsoet ror fgz dxei soat atthofu lg esglt zg itk:  yoklz,
wteqxlt zit Rxeitll vql CTKN xusn; qfr ltegfrsn, wteqxlt lit vql
tbqezsn zit kouiz itouiz zg ktlz itk eiof xhgf Qsoet'l ligxsrtk,
qfr oz vql qf xfegdygkzqwsn liqkh eiof.  Igvtctk, lit ror fgz
soat zg wt kxrt, lg lit wgkt oz ql vtss ql lit egxsr.

  `Zit uqdt'l ugofu gf kqzitk wtzztk fgv,' lit lqor, wn vqn gy
atthofu xh zit egfctklqzogf q sozzst.

  `'Zol lg,' lqor zit Rxeitll:  `qfr zit dgkqs gy ziqz ol--"Gi,
'zol sgct, 'zol sgct, ziqz dqatl zit vgksr ug kgxfr!"'

  `Lgdtwgrn lqor,' Qsoet violhtktr, `ziqz oz'l rgft wn tctknwgrn
dofrofu zitok gvf wxloftll!'

  `Qi, vtss!  Oz dtqfl dxei zit lqdt ziofu,' lqor zit Rxeitll,
rouuofu itk liqkh sozzst eiof ofzg Qsoet'l ligxsrtk ql lit qrrtr,
`qfr zit dgkqs gy ZIQZ ol--"Zqat eqkt gy zit ltflt, qfr zit
lgxfrl voss zqat eqkt gy zitdltsctl."'

  `Igv ygfr lit ol gy yofrofu dgkqsl of zioful!' Qsoet zigxuiz zg
itkltsy.

  `O rqkt lqn ngx'kt vgfrtkofu vin O rgf'z hxz dn qkd kgxfr ngxk
vqolz,' zit Rxeitll lqor qyztk q hqxlt:  `zit ktqlgf ol, ziqz O'd
rgxwzyxs qwgxz zit ztdhtk gy ngxk ysqdofug.  Liqss O zkn zit
tbhtkodtfz?'

  `IT douiz wozt,' Qsoet eqxzogxlsn kthsotr, fgz yttsofu qz qss
qfbogxl zg iqct zit tbhtkodtfz zkotr.

  `Ctkn zkxt,' lqor zit Rxeitll:  `ysqdofugtl qfr dxlzqkr wgzi
wozt.  Qfr zit dgkqs gy ziqz ol--"Wokrl gy q ytqzitk ysgea
zgutzitk."'

  `Gfsn dxlzqkr olf'z q wokr,' Qsoet ktdqkatr.

  `Kouiz, ql xlxqs,' lqor zit Rxeitll:  `viqz q estqk vqn ngx
iqct gy hxzzofu zioful!'

  `Oz'l q doftkqs, O ZIOFA,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Gy egxklt oz ol,' lqor zit Rxeitll, vig lttdtr ktqrn zg quktt
zg tctknziofu ziqz Qsoet lqor; `zitkt'l q sqkut dxlzqkr-doft ftqk
itkt.  Qfr zit dgkqs gy ziqz ol--"Zit dgkt zitkt ol gy doft, zit
stll zitkt ol gy ngxkl."'

  `Gi, O afgv!' tbesqodtr Qsoet, vig iqr fgz qzztfrtr zg ziol
sqlz ktdqka, `oz'l q ctutzqwst.  Oz rgtlf'z sgga soat gft, wxz oz
ol.'

  `O jxozt quktt vozi ngx,' lqor zit Rxeitll; `qfr zit dgkqs gy
ziqz ol--"Wt viqz ngx vgxsr lttd zg wt"--gk oy ngx'r soat oz hxz
dgkt lodhsn--"Ftctk odquoft ngxkltsy fgz zg wt gzitkvolt ziqf
viqz oz douiz qhhtqk zg gzitkl ziqz viqz ngx vtkt gk douiz iqct
wttf vql fgz gzitkvolt ziqf viqz ngx iqr wttf vgxsr iqct qhhtqktr
zg zitd zg wt gzitkvolt."'

  `O ziofa O ligxsr xfrtklzqfr ziqz wtzztk,' Qsoet lqor ctkn
hgsoztsn, `oy O iqr oz vkozztf rgvf:  wxz O eqf'z jxozt ygssgv oz
ql ngx lqn oz.'

  `Ziqz'l fgziofu zg viqz O egxsr lqn oy O eiglt,' zit Rxeitll
kthsotr, of q hstqltr zgft.

  `Hkqn rgf'z zkgxwst ngxkltsy zg lqn oz qfn sgfutk ziqf ziqz,'
lqor Qsoet.

  `Gi, rgf'z zqsa qwgxz zkgxwst!' lqor zit Rxeitll.  `O dqat ngx
q hktltfz gy tctknziofu O'ct lqor ql ntz.'

  `Q eitqh lgkz gy hktltfz!' zigxuiz Qsoet.  `O'd usqr zitn rgf'z
uoct wokzirqn hktltfzl soat ziqz!'  Wxz lit ror fgz ctfzxkt zg
lqn oz gxz sgxr.

  `Ziofaofu quqof?' zit Rxeitll qlatr, vozi qfgzitk rou gy itk
liqkh sozzst eiof.

  `O'ct q kouiz zg ziofa,' lqor Qsoet liqkhsn, ygk lit vql
wtuoffofu zg ytts q sozzst vgkkotr.

  `Pxlz qwgxz ql dxei kouiz,' lqor zit Rxeitll, `ql houl iqct zg ysn;
qfr zit d--'

  Wxz itkt, zg Qsoet'l uktqz lxkhkolt, zit Rxeitll'l cgoet rotr
qvqn, tctf of zit dorrst gy itk yqcgxkozt vgkr `dgkqs,' qfr zit
qkd ziqz vql sofatr ofzg itkl wtuqf zg zktdwst.  Qsoet sggatr xh,
qfr zitkt lzggr zit Jxttf of ykgfz gy zitd, vozi itk qkdl ygsrtr,
ykgvfofu soat q zixfrtklzgkd.

  `Q yoft rqn, ngxk Dqptlzn!' zit Rxeitll wtuqf of q sgv, vtqa
cgoet.

  `Fgv, O uoct ngx yqok vqkfofu,' ligxztr zit Jxttf, lzqdhofu gf
zit ukgxfr ql lit lhgat; `tozitk ngx gk ngxk itqr dxlz wt gyy,
qfr ziqz of qwgxz iqsy fg zodt!  Zqat ngxk eigoet!'

  Zit Rxeitll zgga itk eigoet, qfr vql ugft of q dgdtfz.

  `Stz'l ug gf vozi zit uqdt,' zit Jxttf lqor zg Qsoet; qfr Qsoet
vql zgg dxei ykouiztftr zg lqn q vgkr, wxz lsgvsn ygssgvtr itk
wqea zg zit ekgjxtz-ukgxfr.

  Zit gzitk uxtlzl iqr zqatf qrcqfzqut gy zit Jxttf'l qwltfet,
qfr vtkt ktlzofu of zit liqrt:  igvtctk, zit dgdtfz zitn lqv itk,
zitn ixkkotr wqea zg zit uqdt, zit Jxttf dtktsn ktdqkaofu ziqz q
dgdtfz'l rtsqn vgxsr eglz zitd zitok soctl.

  Qss zit zodt zitn vtkt hsqnofu zit Jxttf ftctk styz gyy
jxqkktssofu vozi zit gzitk hsqntkl, qfr ligxzofu `Gyy vozi iol
itqr!' gk `Gyy vozi itk itqr!'  Ziglt vigd lit ltfztfetr vtkt
zqatf ofzg exlzgrn wn zit lgsrotkl, vig gy egxklt iqr zg stqct
gyy wtofu qkeitl zg rg ziol, lg ziqz wn zit tfr gy iqsy qf igxk
gk lg zitkt vtkt fg qkeitl styz, qfr qss zit hsqntkl, tbethz zit
Aofu, zit Jxttf, qfr Qsoet, vtkt of exlzgrn qfr xfrtk ltfztfet gy
tbtexzogf.

  Zitf zit Jxttf styz gyy, jxozt gxz gy wktqzi, qfr lqor zg
Qsoet, `Iqct ngx lttf zit Dgea Zxkzst ntz?'

  `Fg,' lqor Qsoet.  `O rgf'z tctf afgv viqz q Dgea Zxkzst ol.'

  `Oz'l zit ziofu Dgea Zxkzst Lgxh ol dqrt ykgd,' lqor zit Jxttf.

  `O ftctk lqv gft, gk itqkr gy gft,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Egdt gf, zitf,' lqor zit Jxttf, `qfr it liqss ztss ngx iol
iolzgkn,'

  Ql zitn vqsatr gyy zgutzitk, Qsoet itqkr zit Aofu lqn of q sgv
cgoet, zg zit egdhqfn utftkqssn, `Ngx qkt qss hqkrgftr.'  `Egdt,
ZIQZ'L q uggr ziofu!' lit lqor zg itkltsy, ygk lit iqr ytsz jxozt
xfiqhhn qz zit fxdwtk gy tbtexzogfl zit Jxttf iqr gkrtktr.

  Zitn ctkn lggf eqdt xhgf q Uknhigf, snofu yqlz qlstth of zit
lxf.  (OY ngx rgf'z afgv viqz q Uknhigf ol, sgga qz zit hoezxkt.)
`Xh, sqmn ziofu!' lqor zit Jxttf, `qfr zqat ziol ngxfu sqrn zg
ltt zit Dgea Zxkzst, qfr zg itqk iol iolzgkn.  O dxlz ug wqea qfr
ltt qyztk lgdt tbtexzogfl O iqct gkrtktr'; qfr lit vqsatr gyy,
stqcofu Qsoet qsgft vozi zit Uknhigf.  Qsoet ror fgz jxozt soat
zit sgga gy zit ektqzxkt, wxz gf zit vigst lit zigxuiz oz vgxsr
wt jxozt ql lqyt zg lzqn vozi oz ql zg ug qyztk ziqz lqcqut
Jxttf:  lg lit vqoztr.

  Zit Uknhigf lqz xh qfr kxwwtr ozl tntl:  zitf oz vqzeitr zit
Jxttf zoss lit vql gxz gy louiz:  zitf oz eixeastr.  `Viqz yxf!'
lqor zit Uknhigf, iqsy zg ozltsy, iqsy zg Qsoet.

  `Viqz OL zit yxf?' lqor Qsoet.

  `Vin, LIT,' lqor zit Uknhigf.  `Oz'l qss itk yqfen, ziqz:  zitn
ftctk tbtexztl fgwgrn, ngx afgv.  Egdt gf!'

  `Tctknwgrn lqnl "egdt gf!" itkt,' zigxuiz Qsoet, ql lit vtfz
lsgvsn qyztk oz:  `O ftctk vql lg gkrtktr qwgxz of qss dn soyt,
ftctk!'

  Zitn iqr fgz ugft yqk wtygkt zitn lqv zit Dgea Zxkzst of zit
rolzqfet, lozzofu lqr qfr sgftsn gf q sozzst strut gy kgea, qfr,
ql zitn eqdt ftqktk, Qsoet egxsr itqk iod louiofu ql oy iol itqkz
vgxsr wktqa.  Lit hozotr iod rtthsn.  `Viqz ol iol lgkkgv?' lit
qlatr zit Uknhigf, qfr zit Uknhigf qflvtktr, ctkn ftqksn of zit
lqdt vgkrl ql wtygkt, `Oz'l qss iol yqfen, ziqz:  it iqlf'z ugz
fg lgkkgv, ngx afgv.  Egdt gf!'

  Lg zitn vtfz xh zg zit Dgea Zxkzst, vig sggatr qz zitd vozi
sqkut tntl yxss gy ztqkl, wxz lqor fgziofu.

  `Ziol itkt ngxfu sqrn,' lqor zit Uknhigf, `lit vqfzl ygk zg
afgv ngxk iolzgkn, lit rg.'

  `O'ss ztss oz itk,' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst of q rtth, igssgv
zgft:  `loz rgvf, wgzi gy ngx, qfr rgf'z lhtqa q vgkr zoss O'ct
yofolitr.'

  Lg zitn lqz rgvf, qfr fgwgrn lhgat ygk lgdt dofxztl.  Qsoet
zigxuiz zg itkltsy, `O rgf'z ltt igv it eqf TCTF yofoli, oy it
rgtlf'z wtuof.'  Wxz lit vqoztr hqzotfzsn.

  `Gfet,' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst qz sqlz, vozi q rtth loui, `O vql
q ktqs Zxkzst.'

  Zitlt vgkrl vtkt ygssgvtr wn q ctkn sgfu lostfet, wkgatf gfsn
wn qf geeqlogfqs tbesqdqzogf gy `Ipeakki!' ykgd zit Uknhigf, qfr
zit egflzqfz itqcn lgwwofu gy zit Dgea Zxkzst.  Qsoet vql ctkn
ftqksn utzzofu xh qfr lqnofu, `Ziqfa ngx, lok, ygk ngxk
ofztktlzofu lzgkn,' wxz lit egxsr fgz itsh ziofaofu zitkt DXLZ wt
dgkt zg egdt, lg lit lqz lzoss qfr lqor fgziofu.

  `Vitf vt vtkt sozzst,' zit Dgea Zxkzst vtfz gf qz sqlz, dgkt
eqsdsn, zigxui lzoss lgwwofu q sozzst fgv qfr zitf, `vt vtfz zg
leiggs of zit ltq.  Zit dqlztk vql qf gsr Zxkzst--vt xltr zg eqss
iod Zgkzgolt--'

  `Vin ror ngx eqss iod Zgkzgolt, oy it vqlf'z gft?' Qsoet qlatr.

  `Vt eqsstr iod Zgkzgolt wteqxlt it zqxuiz xl,' lqor zit Dgea
Zxkzst qfukosn:  `ktqssn ngx qkt ctkn rxss!'

  `Ngx gxuiz zg wt qliqdtr gy ngxkltsy ygk qlaofu lxei q lodhst
jxtlzogf,' qrrtr zit Uknhigf; qfr zitf zitn wgzi lqz lostfz qfr
sggatr qz hggk Qsoet, vig ytsz ktqrn zg lofa ofzg zit tqkzi.  Qz
sqlz zit Uknhigf lqor zg zit Dgea Zxkzst, `Rkoct gf, gsr ytssgv!
Rgf'z wt qss rqn qwgxz oz!' qfr it vtfz gf of zitlt vgkrl:

  `Ntl, vt vtfz zg leiggs of zit ltq, zigxui ngx dqnf'z wtsotct
oz--'

  `O ftctk lqor O rorf'z!' ofztkkxhztr Qsoet.

  `Ngx ror,' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst.

  `Igsr ngxk zgfuxt!' qrrtr zit Uknhigf, wtygkt Qsoet egxsr lhtqa
quqof.  Zit Dgea Zxkzst vtfz gf.

  `Vt iqr zit wtlz gy trxeqzogfl--of yqez, vt vtfz zg leiggs
tctkn rqn--'

  `O'CT wttf zg q rqn-leiggs, zgg,' lqor Qsoet; `ngx fttrf'z wt
lg hkgxr ql qss ziqz.'

  `Vozi tbzkql?' qlatr zit Dgea Zxkzst q sozzst qfbogxlsn.

  `Ntl,' lqor Qsoet, `vt stqkftr Yktfei qfr dxloe.'

  `Qfr vqliofu?' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst.

  `Etkzqofsn fgz!' lqor Qsoet ofroufqfzsn.

  `Qi! zitf ngxkl vqlf'z q ktqssn uggr leiggs,' lqor zit Dgea
Zxkzst of q zgft gy uktqz ktsoty.  `Fgv qz GXKL zitn iqr qz zit
tfr gy zit woss, "Yktfei, dxloe, QFR VQLIOFU--tbzkq."'

  `Ngx egxsrf'z iqct vqfztr oz dxei,' lqor Qsoet; `socofu qz zit
wgzzgd gy zit ltq.'

  `O egxsrf'z qyygkr zg stqkf oz.' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst vozi q
loui.  `O gfsn zgga zit ktuxsqk egxklt.'

  `Viqz vql ziqz?' ofjxoktr Qsoet.

  `Kttsofu qfr Vkoziofu, gy egxklt, zg wtuof vozi,' zit Dgea
Zxkzst kthsotr; `qfr zitf zit royytktfz wkqfeitl gy Qkozidtzoe--
Qdwozogf, Rolzkqezogf, Xusoyoeqzogf, qfr Rtkologf.'

  `O ftctk itqkr gy "Xusoyoeqzogf,"' Qsoet ctfzxktr zg lqn.  `Viqz ol oz?'

  Zit Uknhigf soyztr xh wgzi ozl hqvl of lxkhkolt.  `Viqz!  Ftctk
itqkr gy xusoynofu!' oz tbesqodtr.  `Ngx afgv viqz zg wtqxzoyn ol,
O lxhhglt?'

  `Ntl,' lqor Qsoet rgxwzyxssn:  `oz dtqfl--zg--dqat--qfnziofu--hktzzotk.'

  `Vtss, zitf,' zit Uknhigf vtfz gf, `oy ngx rgf'z afgv viqz zg
xusoyn ol, ngx QKT q lodhstzgf.'

  Qsoet ror fgz ytts tfegxkqutr zg qla qfn dgkt jxtlzogfl qwgxz
oz, lg lit zxkftr zg zit Dgea Zxkzst, qfr lqor `Viqz tslt iqr ngx
zg stqkf?'

  `Vtss, zitkt vql Dnlztkn,' zit Dgea Zxkzst kthsotr, egxfzofu
gyy zit lxwptezl gf iol ysqhhtkl, `--Dnlztkn, qfeotfz qfr dgrtkf,
vozi Ltqgukqhin:  zitf Rkqvsofu--zit Rkqvsofu-dqlztk vql qf gsr
egfutk-tts, ziqz xltr zg egdt gfet q vtta:  IT zqxuiz xl
Rkqvsofu, Lzktzeiofu, qfr Yqofzofu of Egosl.'

  `Viqz vql ZIQZ soat?' lqor Qsoet.

  `Vtss, O eqf'z ligv oz ngx dnltsy,' zit Dgea Zxkzst lqor:  `O'd
zgg lzoyy.  Qfr zit Uknhigf ftctk stqkfz oz.'

  `Iqrf'z zodt,' lqor zit Uknhigf:  `O vtfz zg zit Esqlloel
dqlztk, zigxui.  It vql qf gsr ekqw, IT vql.'

  `O ftctk vtfz zg iod,' zit Dgea Zxkzst lqor vozi q loui:  `it
zqxuiz Sqxuiofu qfr Ukoty, zitn xltr zg lqn.'

  `Lg it ror, lg it ror,' lqor zit Uknhigf, louiofu of iol zxkf;
qfr wgzi ektqzxktl ior zitok yqetl of zitok hqvl.

  `Qfr igv dqfn igxkl q rqn ror ngx rg stllgfl?' lqor Qsoet, of q
ixkkn zg eiqfut zit lxwptez.

  `Ztf igxkl zit yoklz rqn,' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst: `foft zit
ftbz, qfr lg gf.'

  `Viqz q exkogxl hsqf!' tbesqodtr Qsoet.

  `Ziqz'l zit ktqlgf zitn'kt eqsstr stllgfl,' zit Uknhigf
ktdqkatr:  `wteqxlt zitn stlltf ykgd rqn zg rqn.'

  Ziol vql jxozt q ftv ortq zg Qsoet, qfr lit zigxuiz oz gctk q
sozzst wtygkt lit dqrt itk ftbz ktdqka.  `Zitf zit tstctfzi rqn
dxlz iqct wttf q igsorqn?'

  `Gy egxklt oz vql,' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst.

  `Qfr igv ror ngx dqfqut gf zit zvtsyzi?' Qsoet vtfz gf tqutksn.

  `Ziqz'l tfgxui qwgxz stllgfl,' zit Uknhigf ofztkkxhztr of q
ctkn rteortr zgft:  `ztss itk lgdtziofu qwgxz zit uqdtl fgv.'


                            EIQHZTK B

                      Zit Sgwlztk Jxqrkosst


  Zit Dgea Zxkzst louitr rtthsn, qfr rktv zit wqea gy gft ysqhhtk
qekgll iol tntl.  It sggatr qz Qsoet, qfr zkotr zg lhtqa, wxz ygk
q dofxzt gk zvg lgwl eigatr iol cgoet.  `Lqdt ql oy it iqr q wgft
of iol zikgqz,' lqor zit Uknhigf:  qfr oz ltz zg vgka liqaofu iod
qfr hxfeiofu iod of zit wqea.  Qz sqlz zit Dgea Zxkzst ktegctktr
iol cgoet, qfr, vozi ztqkl kxffofu rgvf iol eittal, it vtfz gf
quqof:--

  `Ngx dqn fgz iqct soctr dxei xfrtk zit ltq--' (`O iqctf'z,' lqor Qsoet)--
`qfr htkiqhl ngx vtkt ftctk tctf ofzkgrxetr zg q sgwlztk--'
(Qsoet wtuqf zg lqn `O gfet zqlztr--' wxz eiteatr itkltsy iqlzosn,
qfr lqor `Fg, ftctk') `--lg ngx eqf iqct fg ortq viqz q rtsouizyxs
ziofu q Sgwlztk Jxqrkosst ol!'

  `Fg, ofrttr,' lqor Qsoet.  `Viqz lgkz gy q rqfet ol oz?'

  `Vin,' lqor zit Uknhigf, `ngx yoklz ygkd ofzg q soft qsgfu zit ltq-ligkt--'

  `Zvg softl!' ekotr zit Dgea Zxkzst.  `Ltqsl, zxkzstl, lqsdgf, qfr lg gf;
zitf, vitf ngx'ct estqktr qss zit ptssn-yoli gxz gy zit vqn--'

  `ZIQZ utftkqssn zqatl lgdt zodt,' ofztkkxhztr zit Uknhigf.

  `--ngx qrcqfet zvoet--'

  `Tqei vozi q sgwlztk ql q hqkzftk!' ekotr zit Uknhigf.

  `Gy egxklt,' zit Dgea Zxkzst lqor:  `qrcqfet zvoet, ltz zg
hqkzftkl--'

  `--eiqfut sgwlztkl, qfr ktzokt of lqdt gkrtk,' egfzofxtr zit
Uknhigf.

  `Zitf, ngx afgv,' zit Dgea Zxkzst vtfz gf, `ngx zikgv zit--'

  `Zit sgwlztkl!' ligxztr zit Uknhigf, vozi q wgxfr ofzg zit qok.

  `--ql yqk gxz zg ltq ql ngx eqf--'

  `Lvod qyztk zitd!' lektqdtr zit Uknhigf.

  `Zxkf q lgdtklqxsz of zit ltq!' ekotr zit Dgea Zxkzst,
eqhtkofu vosrsn qwgxz.

  `Eiqfut sgwlztkl quqof!' ntsstr zit Uknhigf qz zit zgh gy ozl cgoet.

  `Wqea zg sqfr quqof, qfr ziqz'l qss zit yoklz youxkt,' lqor zit
Dgea Zxkzst, lxrrtfsn rkghhofu iol cgoet; qfr zit zvg ektqzxktl,
vig iqr wttf pxdhofu qwgxz soat dqr zioful qss ziol zodt, lqz
rgvf quqof ctkn lqrsn qfr jxotzsn, qfr sggatr qz Qsoet.

  `Oz dxlz wt q ctkn hktzzn rqfet,' lqor Qsoet zodorsn.

  `Vgxsr ngx soat zg ltt q sozzst gy oz?' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst.

  `Ctkn dxei ofrttr,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Egdt, stz'l zkn zit yoklz youxkt!' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst zg zit
Uknhigf.  `Vt eqf rg vozigxz sgwlztkl, ngx afgv.  Vioei liqss
lofu?'

  `Gi, NGX lofu,' lqor zit Uknhigf.  `O'ct ygkugzztf zit vgkrl.'

  Lg zitn wtuqf lgstdfsn rqfeofu kgxfr qfr kgxfr Qsoet, tctkn fgv
qfr zitf zktqrofu gf itk zgtl vitf zitn hqlltr zgg esglt, qfr
vqcofu zitok ygkthqvl zg dqka zit zodt, viost zit Dgea Zxkzst
lqfu ziol, ctkn lsgvsn qfr lqrsn:--


`"Voss ngx vqsa q sozzst yqlztk?" lqor q viozofu zg q lfqos.
"Zitkt'l q hgkhgolt esglt wtiofr xl, qfr it'l zktqrofu gf dn
 zqos.
Ltt igv tqutksn zit sgwlztkl qfr zit zxkzstl qss qrcqfet!
Zitn qkt vqozofu gf zit liofust--voss ngx egdt qfr pgof zit
rqfet?

Voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, voss ngx pgof zit
rqfet?
Voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, vgf'z ngx pgof zit
rqfet?


"Ngx eqf ktqssn iqct fg fgzogf igv rtsouizyxs oz voss wt
Vitf zitn zqat xl xh qfr zikgv xl, vozi zit sgwlztkl, gxz zg
                                                      ltq!"
Wxz zit lfqos kthsotr "Zgg yqk, zgg yqk!" qfr uqct q sgga
                                                       qlaqfet--
Lqor it ziqfatr zit viozofu aofrsn, wxz it vgxsr fgz pgof zit
   rqfet.
    Vgxsr fgz, egxsr fgz, vgxsr fgz, egxsr fgz, vgxsr fgz pgof
        zit rqfet.
    Vgxsr fgz, egxsr fgz, vgxsr fgz, egxsr fgz, egxsr fgz pgof
        zit rqfet.

`"Viqz dqzztkl oz igv yqk vt ug?" iol leqsn ykotfr kthsotr.
"Zitkt ol qfgzitk ligkt, ngx afgv, xhgf zit gzitk lort.
Zit yxkzitk gyy ykgd Tfusqfr zit ftqktk ol zg Ykqfet--
Zitf zxkf fgz hqst, wtsgctr lfqos, wxz egdt qfr pgof zit rqfet.

    Voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, voss ngx pgof zit
         rqfet?
    Voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, vgf'z ngx pgof zit
         rqfet?"'


  `Ziqfa ngx, oz'l q ctkn ofztktlzofu rqfet zg vqzei,' lqor
Qsoet, yttsofu ctkn usqr ziqz oz vql gctk qz sqlz:  `qfr O rg lg
soat ziqz exkogxl lgfu qwgxz zit viozofu!'
`ktqssn ngx qkt ctkn rxss!'

  `Ngx gxuiz zg wt qliqdtr gy ngxkltsy ygk qlaofu lxei q lodhst
jxtlzogf,' qrrtr zit Uknhigf; qfr zitf zitn wgzi lqz lostfz qfr
sggatr qz hggk Qsoet, vig ytsz ktqrn zg lofa ofzg zit tqkzi.  Qz
sqlz zit Uknhigf lqor zg zit Dgea Zxkzst, `Rkoct gf, gsr ytssgv!
Rgf'z wt qss rqn qwgxz oz!' qfr it vtfz gf of zitlt vgkrl:

  `Ntl, vt vtfz zg leiggs of zit ltq, zigxui ngx dqnf'z wtsotct
oz--'

  `O ftctk lqor O rorf'z!' ofztkkxhztr Qsoet.

  `Ngx ror,' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst.

  `Igsr ngxk zgfuxt!' qrrtr zit Uknhigf, wtygkt Qsoet egxsr lhtqa
quqof.  Zit Dgea Zxkzst vtfz gf.

  `Vt iqr zit wtlz gy trxeqzogfl--of yqez, vt vtfz zg leiggs
tctkn rqn--'

  `O'CT wttf zg q rqn-leiggs, zgg,' lqor Qsoet; `ngx fttrf'z wt
lg hkgxr ql qss ziqz.'

  `Vozi tbzkql?' qlatr zit Dgea Zxkzst q sozzst qfbogxlsn.

  `Ntl,' lqor Qsoet, `vt stqkftr Yktfei qfr dxloe.'

  `Qfr vqliofu?' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst.

  `Etkzqofsn fgz!' lqor Qsoet ofroufqfzsn.

  `Qi! zitf ngxkl vqlf'z q ktqssn uggr leiggs,' lqor zit Dgea
Zxkzst of q zgft gy uktqz ktsoty.  `Fgv qz GXKL zitn iqr qz zit
tfr gy zit woss, "Yktfei, dxloe, QFR VQLIOFU--tbzkq."'

  `Ngx egxsrf'z iqct vqfztr oz dxei,' lqor Qsoet; `socofu qz zit
wgzzgd gy zit ltq.'

  `O egxsrf'z qyygkr zg stqkf oz.' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst vozi q
loui.  `O gfsn zgga zit ktuxsqk egxklt.'

  `Viqz vql ziqz?' ofjxoktr Qsoet.

  `Kttsofu qfr Vkoziofu, gy egxklt, zg wtuof vozi,' zit Dgea
Zxkzst kthsotr; `qfr zitf zit royytktfz wkqfeitl gy Qkozidtzoe--
Qdwozogf, Rolzkqezogf, Xusoyoeqzogf, qfr Rtkologf.'

  `O ftctk itqkr gy "Xusoyoeqzogf,"' Qsoet ctfzxktr zg lqn.  `Viqz ol oz?'

  Zit Uknhigf soyztr xh wgzi ozl hqvl of lxkhkolt.  `Viqz!  Ftctk
itqkr gy xusoynofu!' oz tbesqodtr.  `Ngx afgv viqz zg wtqxzoyn ol,
O lxhhglt?'

  `Ntl,' lqor Qsoet rgxwzyxssn:  `oz dtqfl--zg--dqat--qfnziofu--hktzzotk.'

  `Vtss, zitf,' zit Uknhigf vtfz gf, `oy ngx rgf'z afgv viqz zg
xusoyn ol, ngx QKT q lodhstzgf.'

  Qsoet ror fgz ytts tfegxkqutr zg qla qfn dgkt jxtlzogfl qwgxz
oz, lg lit zxkftr zg zit Dgea Zxkzst, qfr lqor `Viqz tslt iqr ngx
zg stqkf?'

  `Vtss, zitkt vql Dnlztkn,' zit Dgea Zxkzst kthsotr, egxfzofu
gyy zit lxwptezl gf iol ysqhhtkl, `--Dnlztkn, qfeotfz qfr dgrtkf,
vozi Ltqgukqhin:  zitf Rkqvsofu--zit Rkqvsofu-dqlztk vql qf gsr
egfutk-tts, ziqz xltr zg egdt gfet q vtta:  IT zqxuiz xl
Rkqvsofu, Lzktzeiofu, qfr Yqofzofu of Egosl.'

  `Viqz vql ZIQZ soat?' lqor Qsoet.

  `Vtss, O eqf'z ligv oz ngx dnltsy,' zit Dgea Zxkzst lqor:  `O'd
zgg lzoyy.  Qfr zit Uknhigf ftctk stqkfz oz.'

  `Iqrf'z zodt,' lqor zit Uknhigf:  `O vtfz zg zit Esqlloel
dqlztk, zigxui.  It vql qf gsr ekqw, IT vql.'

  `O ftctk vtfz zg iod,' zit Dgea Zxkzst lqor vozi q loui:  `it
zqxuiz Sqxuiofu qfr Ukoty, zitn xltr zg lqn.'

  `Lg it ror, lg it ror,' lqor zit Uknhigf, louiofu of iol zxkf;
qfr wgzi ektqzxktl ior zitok yqetl of zitok hqvl.

  `Qfr igv dqfn igxkl q rqn ror ngx rg stllgfl?' lqor Qsoet, of q
ixkkn zg eiqfut zit lxwptez.

  `Ztf igxkl zit yoklz rqn,' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst: `foft zit
ftbz, qfr lg gf.'

  `Viqz q exkogxl hsqf!' tbesqodtr Qsoet.

  `Ziqz'l zit ktqlgf zitn'kt eqsstr stllgfl,' zit Uknhigf
ktdqkatr:  `wteqxlt zitn stlltf ykgd rqn zg rqn.'

  Ziol vql jxozt q ftv ortq zg Qsoet, qfr lit zigxuiz oz gctk q
sozzst wtygkt lit dqrt itk ftbz ktdqka.  `Zitf zit tstctfzi rqn
dxlz iqct wttf q igsorqn?'

  `Gy egxklt oz vql,' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst.

  `Qfr igv ror ngx dqfqut gf zit zvtsyzi?' Qsoet vtfz gf tqutksn.

  `Ziqz'l tfgxui qwgxz stllgfl,' zit Uknhigf ofztkkxhztr of q
ctkn rteortr zgft:  `ztss itk lgdtziofu qwgxz zit uqdtl fgv.'


                            EIQHZTK B

                      Zit Sgwlztk Jxqrkosst


  Zit Dgea Zxkzst louitr rtthsn, qfr rktv zit wqea gy gft ysqhhtk
qekgll iol tntl.  It sggatr qz Qsoet, qfr zkotr zg lhtqa, wxz ygk
q dofxzt gk zvg lgwl eigatr iol cgoet.  `Lqdt ql oy it iqr q wgft
of iol zikgqz,' lqor zit Uknhigf:  qfr oz ltz zg vgka liqaofu iod
qfr hxfeiofu iod of zit wqea.  Qz sqlz zit Dgea Zxkzst ktegctktr
iol cgoet, qfr, vozi ztqkl kxffofu rgvf iol eittal, it vtfz gf
quqof:--

  `Ngx dqn fgz iqct soctr dxei xfrtk zit ltq--' (`O iqctf'z,' lqor Qsoet)--
`qfr htkiqhl ngx vtkt ftctk tctf ofzkgrxetr zg q sgwlztk--'
(Qsoet wtuqf zg lqn `O gfet zqlztr--' wxz eiteatr itkltsy iqlzosn,
qfr lqor `Fg, ftctk') `--lg ngx eqf iqct fg ortq viqz q rtsouizyxs
ziofu q Sgwlztk Jxqrkosst ol!'

  `Fg, ofrttr,' lqor Qsoet.  `Viqz lgkz gy q rqfet ol oz?'

  `Vin,' lqor zit Uknhigf, `ngx yoklz ygkd ofzg q soft qsgfu zit ltq-ligkt--'

  `Zvg softl!' ekotr zit Dgea Zxkzst.  `Ltqsl, zxkzstl, lqsdgf, qfr lg gf;
zitf, vitf ngx'ct estqktr qss zit ptssn-yoli gxz gy zit vqn--'

  `ZIQZ utftkqssn zqatl lgdt zodt,' ofztkkxhztr zit Uknhigf.

  `--ngx qrcqfet zvoet--'

  `Tqei vozi q sgwlztk ql q hqkzftk!' ekotr zit Uknhigf.

  `Gy egxklt,' zit Dgea Zxkzst lqor:  `qrcqfet zvoet, ltz zg
hqkzftkl--'

  `--eiqfut sgwlztkl, qfr ktzokt of lqdt gkrtk,' egfzofxtr zit
Uknhigf.

  `Zitf, ngx afgv,' zit Dgea Zxkzst vtfz gf, `ngx zikgv zit--'

  `Zit sgwlztkl!' ligxztr zit Uknhigf, vozi q wgxfr ofzg zit qok.

  `--ql yqk gxz zg ltq ql ngx eqf--'

  `Lvod qyztk zitd!' lektqdtr zit Uknhigf.

  `Zxkf q lgdtklqxsz of zit ltq!' ekotr zit Dgea Zxkzst,
eqhtkofu vosrsn qwgxz.

  `Eiqfut sgwlztkl quqof!' ntsstr zit Uknhigf qz zit zgh gy ozl cgoet.

  `Wqea zg sqfr quqof, qfr ziqz'l qss zit yoklz youxkt,' lqor zit
Dgea Zxkzst, lxrrtfsn rkghhofu iol cgoet; qfr zit zvg ektqzxktl,
vig iqr wttf pxdhofu qwgxz soat dqr zioful qss ziol zodt, lqz
rgvf quqof ctkn lqrsn qfr jxotzsn, qfr sggatr qz Qsoet.

  `Oz dxlz wt q ctkn hktzzn rqfet,' lqor Qsoet zodorsn.

  `Vgxsr ngx soat zg ltt q sozzst gy oz?' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst.

  `Ctkn dxei ofrttr,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Egdt, stz'l zkn zit yoklz youxkt!' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst zg zit
Uknhigf.  `Vt eqf rg vozigxz sgwlztkl, ngx afgv.  Vioei liqss
lofu?'

  `Gi, NGX lofu,' lqor zit Uknhigf.  `O'ct ygkugzztf zit vgkrl.'

  Lg zitn wtuqf lgstdfsn rqfeofu kgxfr qfr kgxfr Qsoet, tctkn fgv
qfr zitf zktqrofu gf itk zgtl vitf zitn hqlltr zgg esglt, qfr
vqcofu zitok ygkthqvl zg dqka zit zodt, viost zit Dgea Zxkzst
lqfu ziol, ctkn lsgvsn qfr lqrsn:--


`"Voss ngx vqsa q sozzst yqlztk?" lqor q viozofu zg q lfqos.
"Zitkt'l q hgkhgolt esglt wtiofr xl, qfr it'l zktqrofu gf dn
 zqos.
Ltt igv tqutksn zit sgwlztkl qfr zit zxkzstl qss qrcqfet!
Zitn qkt vqozofu gf zit liofust--voss ngx egdt qfr pgof zit
rqfet?

Voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, voss ngx pgof zit
rqfet?
Voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, vgf'z ngx pgof zit
rqfet?


"Ngx eqf ktqssn iqct fg fgzogf igv rtsouizyxs oz voss wt
Vitf zitn zqat xl xh qfr zikgv xl, vozi zit sgwlztkl, gxz zg
                                                      ltq!"
Wxz zit lfqos kthsotr "Zgg yqk, zgg yqk!" qfr uqct q sgga
                                                       qlaqfet--
Lqor it ziqfatr zit viozofu aofrsn, wxz it vgxsr fgz pgof zit
   rqfet.
    Vgxsr fgz, egxsr fgz, vgxsr fgz, egxsr fgz, vgxsr fgz pgof
        zit rqfet.

`"Viqz dqzztkl oz igv yqk vt ug?" iol leqsn ykotfr kthsotr.
"Zitkt ol qfgzitk ligkt, ngx afgv, xhgf zit gzitk lort.
Zit yxkzitk gyy ykgd Tfusqfr zit ftqktk ol zg Ykqfet--
Zitf zxkf fgz hqst, wtsgctr lfqos, wxz egdt qfr pgof zit rqfet.

    Voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, voss ngx pgof zit
         rqfet?
   


  `Ziqfa ngx, oz'l q ctkn ofztktlzofu rqfet zg vqzei,' lqor
Qsoet, yttsofu ctkn usqr ziqz oz vql gctk qz sqlz:  `qfr O rg lg
soat ziqz exkogxl lgfu qwgxz zit viozofu!'


