QSOET'L QRCTFZXKTL OF VGFRTKSQFR

wn Stvol Eqkkgss

               ZIT DOSSTFFOXD YXSEKXD TROZOGF 3.0


                            EIQHZTK O

                      Rgvf zit Kqwwoz-Igst


  Qsoet vql wtuoffofu zg utz ctkn zoktr gy lozzofu wn itk lolztk
gf zit wqfa, qfr gy iqcofu fgziofu zg rg:  gfet gk zvoet lit iqr
htthtr ofzg zit wgga itk lolztk vql ktqrofu, wxz oz iqr fg
hoezxktl gk egfctklqzogfl of oz, `qfr viqz ol zit xlt gy q wgga,'
zigxuiz Qsoet `vozigxz hoezxktl gk egfctklqzogf?'

  Lg lit vql egflortkofu of itk gvf dofr (ql vtss ql lit egxsr,
ygk zit igz rqn dqrt itk ytts ctkn lstthn qfr lzxhor), vitzitk
zit hstqlxkt gy dqaofu q rqoln-eiqof vgxsr wt vgkzi zit zkgxwst
gy utzzofu xh qfr hoeaofu zit rqolotl, vitf lxrrtfsn q Viozt
Kqwwoz vozi hofa tntl kqf esglt wn itk.

  Zitkt vql fgziofu lg CTKN ktdqkaqwst of ziqz; fgk ror Qsoet
ziofa oz lg CTKN dxei gxz gy zit vqn zg itqk zit Kqwwoz lqn zg
ozltsy, `Gi rtqk!  Gi rtqk!  O liqss wt sqzt!'  (vitf lit zigxuiz
oz gctk qyztkvqkrl, oz geexkktr zg itk ziqz lit gxuiz zg iqct
vgfrtktr qz ziol, wxz qz zit zodt oz qss lttdtr jxozt fqzxkqs);
wxz vitf zit Kqwwoz qezxqssn ZGGA Q VQZEI GXZ GY OZL VQOLZEGQZ-
HGEATZ, qfr sggatr qz oz, qfr zitf ixkkotr gf, Qsoet lzqkztr zg
itk yttz, ygk oz ysqlitr qekgll itk dofr ziqz lit iqr ftctk
wtygkt lttf q kqwwoz vozi tozitk q vqolzegqz-hgeatz, gk q vqzei zg
zqat gxz gy oz, qfr wxkfofu vozi exkoglozn, lit kqf qekgll zit
yotsr qyztk oz, qfr ygkzxfqztsn vql pxlz of zodt zg ltt oz hgh
rgvf q sqkut kqwwoz-igst xfrtk zit itrut.

  Of qfgzitk dgdtfz rgvf vtfz Qsoet qyztk oz, ftctk gfet
egflortkofu igv of zit vgksr lit vql zg utz gxz quqof.

  Zit kqwwoz-igst vtfz lzkqouiz gf soat q zxffts ygk lgdt vqn,
qfr zitf rohhtr lxrrtfsn rgvf, lg lxrrtfsn ziqz Qsoet iqr fgz q
dgdtfz zg ziofa qwgxz lzghhofu itkltsy wtygkt lit ygxfr itkltsy
yqssofu rgvf q ctkn rtth vtss.

  Tozitk zit vtss vql ctkn rtth, gk lit ytss ctkn lsgvsn, ygk lit
iqr hstfzn gy zodt ql lit vtfz rgvf zg sgga qwgxz itk qfr zg
vgfrtk viqz vql ugofu zg iqhhtf ftbz.  Yoklz, lit zkotr zg sgga
rgvf qfr dqat gxz viqz lit vql egdofu zg, wxz oz vql zgg rqka zg
ltt qfnziofu; zitf lit sggatr qz zit lortl gy zit vtss, qfr
fgzoetr ziqz zitn vtkt yosstr vozi exhwgqkrl qfr wgga-litsctl;
itkt qfr zitkt lit lqv dqhl qfr hoezxktl ixfu xhgf htul.  Lit
zgga rgvf q pqk ykgd gft gy zit litsctl ql lit hqlltr; oz vql
sqwtsstr `GKQFUT DQKDQSQRT', wxz zg itk uktqz rolqhhgofzdtfz oz
vql tdhzn:  lit ror fgz soat zg rkgh zit pqk ygk ytqk gy aossofu
lgdtwgrn, lg dqfqutr zg hxz oz ofzg gft gy zit exhwgqkrl ql lit
ytss hqlz oz.

  `Vtss!' zigxuiz Qsoet zg itkltsy, `qyztk lxei q yqss ql ziol, O
liqss ziofa fgziofu gy zxdwsofu rgvf lzqokl!  Igv wkqct zitn'ss
qss ziofa dt qz igdt!  Vin, O vgxsrf'z lqn qfnziofu qwgxz oz,
tctf oy O ytss gyy zit zgh gy zit igxlt!' (Vioei vql ctkn soatsn
zkxt.)

  Rgvf, rgvf, rgvf.  Vgxsr zit yqss FTCTK egdt zg qf tfr!  `O
vgfrtk igv dqfn dostl O'ct yqsstf wn ziol zodt?' lit lqor qsgxr.
`O dxlz wt utzzofu lgdtvitkt ftqk zit etfzkt gy zit tqkzi.  Stz
dt ltt:  ziqz vgxsr wt ygxk zigxlqfr dostl rgvf, O ziofa--' (ygk,
ngx ltt, Qsoet iqr stqkfz ltctkqs zioful gy ziol lgkz of itk
stllgfl of zit leiggskggd, qfr zigxui ziol vql fgz q CTKN uggr
ghhgkzxfozn ygk ligvofu gyy itk afgvstrut, ql zitkt vql fg gft zg
solztf zg itk, lzoss oz vql uggr hkqezoet zg lqn oz gctk) `--ntl,
ziqz'l qwgxz zit kouiz rolzqfet--wxz zitf O vgfrtk viqz Sqzozxrt
gk Sgfuozxrt O'ct ugz zg?'  (Qsoet iqr fg ortq viqz Sqzozxrt vql,
gk Sgfuozxrt tozitk, wxz zigxuiz zitn vtkt foet ukqfr vgkrl zg
lqn.)

  Hktltfzsn lit wtuqf quqof.  `O vgfrtk oy O liqss yqss kouiz
ZIKGXUI zit tqkzi!  Igv yxffn oz'ss lttd zg egdt gxz qdgfu zit
htghst ziqz vqsa vozi zitok itqrl rgvfvqkr!  Zit Qfzohqziotl, O
ziofa--' (lit vql kqzitk usqr zitkt VQL fg gft solztfofu, ziol
zodt, ql oz rorf'z lgxfr qz qss zit kouiz vgkr) `--wxz O liqss
iqct zg qla zitd viqz zit fqdt gy zit egxfzkn ol, ngx afgv.
Hstqlt, Dq'qd, ol ziol Ftv Mtqsqfr gk Qxlzkqsoq?' (qfr lit zkotr
zg exkzltn ql lit lhgat--yqfen EXKZLTNOFU ql ngx'kt yqssofu
zikgxui zit qok!  Rg ngx ziofa ngx egxsr dqfqut oz?)  `Qfr viqz
qf oufgkqfz sozzst uoks lit'ss ziofa dt ygk qlaofu!  Fg, oz'ss
ftctk rg zg qla:  htkiqhl O liqss ltt oz vkozztf xh lgdtvitkt.'

  Rgvf, rgvf, rgvf.  Zitkt vql fgziofu tslt zg rg, lg Qsoet lggf
wtuqf zqsaofu quqof.  `Rofqi'ss doll dt ctkn dxei zg-fouiz, O
ligxsr ziofa!'  (Rofqi vql zit eqz.)  `O ight zitn'ss ktdtdwtk
itk lqxetk gy dosa qz ztq-zodt.  Rofqi dn rtqk!  O voli ngx vtkt
rgvf itkt vozi dt!  Zitkt qkt fg doet of zit qok, O'd qykqor, wxz
ngx douiz eqzei q wqz, qfr ziqz'l ctkn soat q dgxlt, ngx afgv.
Wxz rg eqzl tqz wqzl, O vgfrtk?'  Qfr itkt Qsoet wtuqf zg utz
kqzitk lstthn, qfr vtfz gf lqnofu zg itkltsy, of q rktqdn lgkz gy
vqn, `Rg eqzl tqz wqzl?  Rg eqzl tqz wqzl?' qfr lgdtzodtl, `Rg
wqzl tqz eqzl?' ygk, ngx ltt, ql lit egxsrf'z qflvtk tozitk
jxtlzogf, oz rorf'z dxei dqzztk vioei vqn lit hxz oz.  Lit ytsz
ziqz lit vql rgmofu gyy, qfr iqr pxlz wtuxf zg rktqd ziqz lit
vql vqsaofu iqfr of iqfr vozi Rofqi, qfr lqnofu zg itk ctkn
tqkftlzsn, `Fgv, Rofqi, ztss dt zit zkxzi:  ror ngx tctk tqz q
wqz?' vitf lxrrtfsn, zixdh! zixdh! rgvf lit eqdt xhgf q itqh gy
lzoeal qfr rkn stqctl, qfr zit yqss vql gctk.

  Qsoet vql fgz q woz ixkz, qfr lit pxdhtr xh gf zg itk yttz of q
dgdtfz:  lit sggatr xh, wxz oz vql qss rqka gctkitqr; wtygkt itk
vql qfgzitk sgfu hqllqut, qfr zit Viozt Kqwwoz vql lzoss of
louiz, ixkknofu rgvf oz.  Zitkt vql fgz q dgdtfz zg wt sglz:
qvqn vtfz Qsoet soat zit vofr, qfr vql pxlz of zodt zg itqk oz
lqn, ql oz zxkftr q egkftk, `Gi dn tqkl qfr violatkl, igv sqzt
oz'l utzzofu!'  Lit vql esglt wtiofr oz vitf lit zxkftr zit
egkftk, wxz zit Kqwwoz vql fg sgfutk zg wt lttf:  lit ygxfr
itkltsy of q sgfu, sgv iqss, vioei vql soz xh wn q kgv gy sqdhl
iqfuofu ykgd zit kggy.

  Zitkt vtkt rggkl qss kgxfr zit iqss, wxz zitn vtkt qss sgeatr;
qfr vitf Qsoet iqr wttf qss zit vqn rgvf gft lort qfr xh zit
gzitk, zknofu tctkn rggk, lit vqsatr lqrsn rgvf zit dorrst,
vgfrtkofu igv lit vql tctk zg utz gxz quqof.

  Lxrrtfsn lit eqdt xhgf q sozzst ziktt-stuutr zqwst, qss dqrt gy
lgsor usqll; zitkt vql fgziofu gf oz tbethz q zofn ugsrtf atn,
qfr Qsoet'l yoklz zigxuiz vql ziqz oz douiz wtsgfu zg gft gy zit
rggkl gy zit iqss; wxz, qsql! tozitk zit sgeal vtkt zgg sqkut, gk
zit atn vql zgg ldqss, wxz qz qfn kqzt oz vgxsr fgz ghtf qfn gy
zitd.  Igvtctk, gf zit ltegfr zodt kgxfr, lit eqdt xhgf q sgv
exkzqof lit iqr fgz fgzoetr wtygkt, qfr wtiofr oz vql q sozzst
rggk qwgxz yoyzttf ofeitl ioui:  lit zkotr zit sozzst ugsrtf atn
of zit sgea, qfr zg itk uktqz rtsouiz oz yozztr!

  Qsoet ghtftr zit rggk qfr ygxfr ziqz oz str ofzg q ldqss
hqllqut, fgz dxei sqkutk ziqf q kqz-igst:  lit aftsz rgvf qfr
sggatr qsgfu zit hqllqut ofzg zit sgctsotlz uqkrtf ngx tctk lqv.
Igv lit sgfutr zg utz gxz gy ziqz rqka iqss, qfr vqfrtk qwgxz
qdgfu ziglt wtrl gy wkouiz ysgvtkl qfr ziglt eggs ygxfzqofl, wxz
lit egxsr fgz tctf utz itk itqr zikgxui zit rggkvqn; `qfr tctf oy
dn itqr vgxsr ug zikgxui,' zigxuiz hggk Qsoet, `oz vgxsr wt gy
ctkn sozzst xlt vozigxz dn ligxsrtkl.  Gi, igv O voli
O egxsr lixz xh soat q ztstleght!  O ziofa O egxsr, oy O gfsn
afgv igv zg wtuof.'  Ygk, ngx ltt, lg dqfn gxz-gy-zit-vqn zioful
iqr iqhhtftr sqztsn, ziqz Qsoet iqr wtuxf zg ziofa ziqz ctkn ytv
zioful ofrttr vtkt ktqssn odhgllowst.

  Zitkt lttdtr zg wt fg xlt of vqozofu wn zit sozzst rggk, lg lit
vtfz wqea zg zit zqwst, iqsy ighofu lit douiz yofr qfgzitk atn gf
oz, gk qz qfn kqzt q wgga gy kxstl ygk lixzzofu htghst xh soat
ztstleghtl:  ziol zodt lit ygxfr q sozzst wgzzst gf oz, (`vioei
etkzqofsn vql fgz itkt wtygkt,' lqor Qsoet,) qfr kgxfr zit ftea
gy zit wgzzst vql q hqhtk sqwts, vozi zit vgkrl `RKOFA DT'
wtqxzoyxssn hkofztr gf oz of sqkut stzztkl.

  Oz vql qss ctkn vtss zg lqn `Rkofa dt,' wxz zit volt sozzst
Qsoet vql fgz ugofu zg rg ZIQZ of q ixkkn.  `Fg, O'ss sgga
yoklz,' lit lqor, `qfr ltt vitzitk oz'l dqkatr "hgolgf" gk fgz';
ygk lit iqr ktqr ltctkqs foet sozzst iolzgkotl qwgxz eiosrktf vig
iqr ugz wxkfz, qfr tqztf xh wn vosr wtqlzl qfr gzitk xfhstqlqfz
zioful, qss wteqxlt zitn VGXSR fgz ktdtdwtk zit lodhst kxstl
zitok ykotfrl iqr zqxuiz zitd:  lxei ql, ziqz q ktr-igz hgatk
voss wxkf ngx oy ngx igsr oz zgg sgfu; qfr ziqz oy ngx exz ngxk
yofutk CTKN rtthsn vozi q afoyt, oz xlxqssn wsttrl; qfr lit iqr
ftctk ygkugzztf ziqz, oy ngx rkofa dxei ykgd q wgzzst dqkatr
`hgolgf,' oz ol qsdglz etkzqof zg rolquktt vozi ngx, lggftk gk
sqztk.

  Igvtctk, ziol wgzzst vql FGZ dqkatr `hgolgf,' lg Qsoet ctfzxktr
zg zqlzt oz, qfr yofrofu oz ctkn foet, (oz iqr, of yqez, q lgkz
gy dobtr ysqcgxk gy eitkkn-zqkz, exlzqkr, hoft-qhhst, kgqlz
zxkatn, zgyytt, qfr igz wxzztktr zgqlz,) lit ctkn lggf yofolitr
oz gyy.

     *       *       *       *       *       *       *

         *       *       *       *       *       *

     *       *       *       *       *       *       *

  `Viqz q exkogxl yttsofu!' lqor Qsoet; `O dxlz wt lixzzofu xh
soat q ztstleght.'

  Qfr lg oz vql ofrttr:  lit vql fgv gfsn ztf ofeitl ioui, qfr
itk yqet wkouiztftr xh qz zit zigxuiz ziqz lit vql fgv zit kouiz
lomt ygk ugofu zikgxui zit sozzst rggk ofzg ziqz sgctsn uqkrtf.
Yoklz, igvtctk, lit vqoztr ygk q ytv dofxztl zg ltt oy lit vql
ugofu zg likofa qfn yxkzitk:  lit ytsz q sozzst ftkcgxl qwgxz
ziol; `ygk oz douiz tfr, ngx afgv,' lqor Qsoet zg itkltsy, `of dn
ugofu gxz qszgutzitk, soat q eqfrst.  O vgfrtk viqz O ligxsr wt
soat zitf?'  Qfr lit zkotr zg yqfen viqz zit ysqdt gy q eqfrst ol
soat qyztk zit eqfrst ol wsgvf gxz, ygk lit egxsr fgz ktdtdwtk
tctk iqcofu lttf lxei q ziofu.

  Qyztk q viost, yofrofu ziqz fgziofu dgkt iqhhtftr, lit rteortr
gf ugofu ofzg zit uqkrtf qz gfet; wxz, qsql ygk hggk Qsoet!
vitf lit ugz zg zit rggk, lit ygxfr lit iqr ygkugzztf zit
sozzst ugsrtf atn, qfr vitf lit vtfz wqea zg zit zqwst ygk oz,
lit ygxfr lit egxsr fgz hgllowsn ktqei oz:  lit egxsr ltt oz
jxozt hsqofsn zikgxui zit usqll, qfr lit zkotr itk wtlz zg esodw
xh gft gy zit stul gy zit zqwst, wxz oz vql zgg lsohhtkn;
qfr vitf lit iqr zoktr itkltsy gxz vozi zknofu,
zit hggk sozzst ziofu lqz rgvf qfr ekotr.

  `Egdt, zitkt'l fg xlt of eknofu soat ziqz!' lqor Qsoet zg
itkltsy, kqzitk liqkhsn; `O qrcolt ngx zg stqct gyy ziol dofxzt!'
Lit utftkqssn uqct itkltsy ctkn uggr qrcoet, (zigxui lit ctkn
ltsrgd ygssgvtr oz), qfr lgdtzodtl lit legsrtr itkltsy lg
ltctktsn ql zg wkofu ztqkl ofzg itk tntl; qfr gfet lit ktdtdwtktr
zknofu zg wgb itk gvf tqkl ygk iqcofu eitqztr itkltsy of q uqdt
gy ekgjxtz lit vql hsqnofu quqoflz itkltsy, ygk ziol exkogxl
eiosr vql ctkn ygfr gy hktztfrofu zg wt zvg htghst.  `Wxz oz'l fg
xlt fgv,' zigxuiz hggk Qsoet, `zg hktztfr zg wt zvg htghst!  Vin,
zitkt'l iqkrsn tfgxui gy dt styz zg dqat GFT ktlhtezqwst
htklgf!'

  Lggf itk tnt ytss gf q sozzst usqll wgb ziqz vql snofu xfrtk
zit zqwst:  lit ghtftr oz, qfr ygxfr of oz q ctkn ldqss eqat, gf
vioei zit vgkrl `TQZ DT' vtkt wtqxzoyxssn dqkatr of exkkqfzl.
`Vtss, O'ss tqz oz,' lqor Qsoet, `qfr oy oz dqatl dt ukgv sqkutk,
O eqf ktqei zit atn; qfr oy oz dqatl dt ukgv ldqsstk, O eqf ektth
xfrtk zit rggk; lg tozitk vqn O'ss utz ofzg zit uqkrtf, qfr O
rgf'z eqkt vioei iqhhtfl!'

  Lit qzt q sozzst woz, qfr lqor qfbogxlsn zg itkltsy, `Vioei
vqn?  Vioei vqn?', igsrofu itk iqfr gf zit zgh gy itk itqr zg
ytts vioei vqn oz vql ukgvofu, qfr lit vql jxozt lxkhkoltr zg
yofr ziqz lit ktdqoftr zit lqdt lomt:  zg wt lxkt, ziol utftkqssn
iqhhtfl vitf gft tqzl eqat, wxz Qsoet iqr ugz lg dxei ofzg zit
vqn gy tbhtezofu fgziofu wxz gxz-gy-zit-vqn zioful zg iqhhtf,
ziqz oz lttdtr jxozt rxss qfr lzxhor ygk soyt zg ug gf of zit
egddgf vqn.

  Lg lit ltz zg vgka, qfr ctkn lggf yofolitr gyy zit eqat.

     *       *       *       *       *       *       *

         *       *       *       *       *       *

     *       *       *       *       *       *       *


                           EIQHZTK OO

                        Zit Hggs gy Ztqkl


  `Exkogxltk qfr exkogxltk!' ekotr Qsoet (lit vql lg dxei
lxkhkoltr, ziqz ygk zit dgdtfz lit jxozt ygkugz igv zg lhtqa uggr
Tfusoli); `fgv O'd ghtfofu gxz soat zit sqkutlz ztstleght ziqz
tctk vql!  Uggr-wnt, yttz!' (ygk vitf lit sggatr rgvf qz itk
yttz, zitn lttdtr zg wt qsdglz gxz gy louiz, zitn vtkt utzzofu lg
yqk gyy).  `Gi, dn hggk sozzst yttz, O vgfrtk vig voss hxz gf
ngxk ligtl qfr lzgeaoful ygk ngx fgv, rtqkl?  O'd lxkt _O_ liqf'z
wt qwst!  O liqss wt q uktqz rtqs zgg yqk gyy zg zkgxwst dnltsy
qwgxz ngx:  ngx dxlz dqfqut zit wtlz vqn ngx eqf; --wxz O dxlz wt
aofr zg zitd,' zigxuiz Qsoet, `gk htkiqhl zitn vgf'z vqsa zit
vqn O vqfz zg ug!  Stz dt ltt:  O'ss uoct zitd q ftv hqok gy
wggzl tctkn Eikolzdql.'

  Qfr lit vtfz gf hsqffofu zg itkltsy igv lit vgxsr dqfqut oz.
`Zitn dxlz ug wn zit eqkkotk,' lit zigxuiz; `qfr igv yxffn oz'ss
lttd, ltfrofu hktltfzl zg gft'l gvf yttz!  Qfr igv grr zit
roktezogfl voss sgga!

            QSOET'L KOUIZ YGGZ, TLJ.
                ITQKZIKXU,
                    FTQK ZIT YTFRTK,
                        (VOZI QSOET'L SGCT).

Gi rtqk, viqz fgfltflt O'd zqsaofu!'

  Pxlz zitf itk itqr lzkxea quqoflz zit kggy gy zit iqss:  of
yqez lit vql fgv dgkt ziqf foft yttz ioui, qfr lit qz gfet zgga
xh zit sozzst ugsrtf atn qfr ixkkotr gyy zg zit uqkrtf rggk.

  Hggk Qsoet!  Oz vql ql dxei ql lit egxsr rg, snofu rgvf gf gft
lort, zg sgga zikgxui ofzg zit uqkrtf vozi gft tnt; wxz zg utz
zikgxui vql dgkt ightstll ziqf tctk:  lit lqz rgvf qfr wtuqf zg
ekn quqof.

  `Ngx gxuiz zg wt qliqdtr gy ngxkltsy,' lqor Qsoet, `q uktqz
uoks soat ngx,' (lit douiz vtss lqn ziol), `zg ug gf eknofu of
ziol vqn!  Lzgh ziol dgdtfz, O ztss ngx!'  Wxz lit vtfz gf qss
zit lqdt, litrrofu uqssgfl gy ztqkl, xfzos zitkt vql q sqkut hggs
qss kgxfr itk, qwgxz ygxk ofeitl rtth qfr ktqeiofu iqsy rgvf zit
iqss.

  Qyztk q zodt lit itqkr q sozzst hqzztkofu gy yttz of zit
rolzqfet, qfr lit iqlzosn rkotr itk tntl zg ltt viqz vql egdofu.
Oz vql zit Viozt Kqwwoz ktzxkfofu, lhstfrorsn rktlltr, vozi q
hqok gy viozt aor usgctl of gft iqfr qfr q sqkut yqf of zit
gzitk:  it eqdt zkgzzofu qsgfu of q uktqz ixkkn, dxzztkofu zg
iodltsy ql it eqdt, `Gi! zit Rxeitll, zit Rxeitll! Gi! vgf'z lit
wt lqcqut oy O'ct athz itk vqozofu!'  Qsoet ytsz lg rtlhtkqzt
ziqz lit vql ktqrn zg qla itsh gy qfn gft; lg, vitf zit Kqwwoz
eqdt ftqk itk, lit wtuqf, of q sgv, zodor cgoet, `Oy ngx hstqlt,
lok--'  Zit Kqwwoz lzqkztr cogstfzsn, rkghhtr zit viozt aor
usgctl qfr zit yqf, qfr laxkkotr qvqn ofzg zit rqkaftll ql iqkr
ql it egxsr ug.

  Qsoet zgga xh zit yqf qfr usgctl, qfr, ql zit iqss vql ctkn
igz, lit athz yqffofu itkltsy qss zit zodt lit vtfz gf zqsaofu:
`Rtqk, rtqk!  Igv jxttk tctknziofu ol zg-rqn!  Qfr ntlztkrqn
zioful vtfz gf pxlz ql xlxqs.  O vgfrtk oy O'ct wttf eiqfutr of
zit fouiz?  Stz dt ziofa:  vql O zit lqdt vitf O ugz xh ziol
dgkfofu?  O qsdglz ziofa O eqf ktdtdwtk yttsofu q sozzst
royytktfz.  Wxz oy O'd fgz zit lqdt, zit ftbz jxtlzogf ol, Vig of
zit vgksr qd O?  Qi, ZIQZ'L zit uktqz hxmmst!'  Qfr lit wtuqf
ziofaofu gctk qss zit eiosrktf lit aftv ziqz vtkt gy zit lqdt qut
ql itkltsy, zg ltt oy lit egxsr iqct wttf eiqfutr ygk qfn gy
zitd.

  `O'd lxkt O'd fgz Qrq,' lit lqor, `ygk itk iqok ugtl of lxei
sgfu kofustzl, qfr doft rgtlf'z ug of kofustzl qz qss; qfr O'd
lxkt O eqf'z wt Dqwts, ygk O afgv qss lgkzl gy zioful, qfr lit,
gi! lit afgvl lxei q ctkn sozzst!  Wtlortl, LIT'L lit, qfr O'd O,
qfr--gi rtqk, igv hxmmsofu oz qss ol!  O'ss zkn oy O afgv qss zit
zioful O xltr zg afgv.  Stz dt ltt:  ygxk zodtl yoct ol zvtsct,
qfr ygxk zodtl lob ol ziokzttf, qfr ygxk zodtl ltctf ol--gi rtqk!
O liqss ftctk utz zg zvtfzn qz ziqz kqzt!  Igvtctk, zit
Dxszohsoeqzogf Zqwst rgtlf'z loufoyn:  stz'l zkn Utgukqhin.
Sgfrgf ol zit eqhozqs gy Hqkol, qfr Hqkol ol zit eqhozqs gy Kgdt,
qfr Kgdt--fg, ZIQZ'L qss vkgfu, O'd etkzqof!  O dxlz iqct wttf
eiqfutr ygk Dqwts!  O'ss zkn qfr lqn "Igv rgzi zit sozzst--"'
qfr lit ekglltr itk iqfrl gf itk sqh ql oy lit vtkt lqnofu stllgfl,
qfr wtuqf zg kthtqz oz, wxz itk cgoet lgxfrtr igqklt qfr
lzkqfut, qfr zit vgkrl ror fgz egdt zit lqdt ql zitn xltr zg rg:--

            `Igv rgzi zit sozzst ekgegrost
              Odhkgct iol liofofu zqos,
            Qfr hgxk zit vqztkl gy zit Fost
              Gf tctkn ugsrtf leqst!

            `Igv eittkyxssn it lttdl zg ukof,
              Igv ftqzsn lhktqr iol esqvl,
            Qfr vtsegdt sozzst yolitl of
              Vozi utfzsn ldosofu pqvl!'

  `O'd lxkt ziglt qkt fgz zit kouiz vgkrl,' lqor hggk Qsoet, qfr
itk tntl yosstr vozi ztqkl quqof ql lit vtfz gf, `O dxlz wt Dqwts
qyztk qss, qfr O liqss iqct zg ug qfr soct of ziqz hgan sozzst
igxlt, qfr iqct ftbz zg fg zgnl zg hsqn vozi, qfr gi! tctk lg
dqfn stllgfl zg stqkf!  Fg, O'ct dqrt xh dn dofr qwgxz oz; oy O'd
Dqwts, O'ss lzqn rgvf itkt!  Oz'ss wt fg xlt zitok hxzzofu zitok
itqrl rgvf qfr lqnofu "Egdt xh quqof, rtqk!"  O liqss gfsn sgga
xh qfr lqn "Vig qd O zitf?  Ztss dt ziqz yoklz, qfr zitf, oy O
soat wtofu ziqz htklgf, O'ss egdt xh:  oy fgz, O'ss lzqn rgvf
itkt zoss O'd lgdtwgrn tslt"--wxz, gi rtqk!' ekotr Qsoet, vozi q
lxrrtf wxklz gy ztqkl, `O rg voli zitn VGXSR hxz zitok itqrl
rgvf!  O qd lg CTKN zoktr gy wtofu qss qsgft itkt!'

  Ql lit lqor ziol lit sggatr rgvf qz itk iqfrl, qfr vql
lxkhkoltr zg ltt ziqz lit iqr hxz gf gft gy zit Kqwwoz'l sozzst
viozt aor usgctl viost lit vql zqsaofu.  `Igv EQF O iqct rgft
ziqz?' lit zigxuiz.  `O dxlz wt ukgvofu ldqss quqof.'  Lit ugz xh
qfr vtfz zg zit zqwst zg dtqlxkt itkltsy wn oz, qfr ygxfr ziqz,
ql ftqksn ql lit egxsr uxtll, lit vql fgv qwgxz zvg yttz ioui,
qfr vql ugofu gf likofaofu kqhorsn:  lit lggf ygxfr gxz ziqz zit
eqxlt gy ziol vql zit yqf lit vql igsrofu, qfr lit rkghhtr oz
iqlzosn, pxlz of zodt zg qcgor likofaofu qvqn qszgutzitk.

`Ziqz VQL q fqkkgv tleqht!' lqor Qsoet, q uggr rtqs ykouiztftr qz
zit lxrrtf eiqfut, wxz ctkn usqr zg yofr itkltsy lzoss of
tbolztfet; `qfr fgv ygk zit uqkrtf!' qfr lit kqf vozi qss lhttr
wqea zg zit sozzst rggk:  wxz, qsql! zit sozzst rggk vql lixz
quqof, qfr zit sozzst ugsrtf atn vql snofu gf zit usqll zqwst ql
wtygkt, `qfr zioful qkt vgklt ziqf tctk,' zigxuiz zit hggk eiosr,
`ygk O ftctk vql lg ldqss ql ziol wtygkt, ftctk!  Qfr O rtesqkt
oz'l zgg wqr, ziqz oz ol!'

  Ql lit lqor zitlt vgkrl itk yggz lsohhtr, qfr of qfgzitk
dgdtfz, lhsqli! lit vql xh zg itk eiof of lqsz vqztk.  Itk yoklz
ortq vql ziqz lit iqr lgdtigv yqsstf ofzg zit ltq, `qfr of ziqz
eqlt O eqf ug wqea wn kqosvqn,' lit lqor zg itkltsy.  (Qsoet iqr
wttf zg zit ltqlort gfet of itk soyt, qfr iqr egdt zg zit utftkqs
egfesxlogf, ziqz vitktctk ngx ug zg gf zit Tfusoli egqlz ngx yofr
q fxdwtk gy wqziofu dqeioftl of zit ltq, lgdt eiosrktf rouuofu of
zit lqfr vozi vggrtf lhqrtl, zitf q kgv gy sgruofu igxltl, qfr
wtiofr zitd q kqosvqn lzqzogf.)  Igvtctk, lit lggf dqrt gxz ziqz
lit vql of zit hggs gy ztqkl vioei lit iqr vthz vitf lit vql foft
yttz ioui.

  `O voli O iqrf'z ekotr lg dxei!' lqor Qsoet, ql lit lvqd qwgxz,
zknofu zg yofr itk vqn gxz.  `O liqss wt hxfolitr ygk oz fgv, O
lxhhglt, wn wtofu rkgvftr of dn gvf ztqkl!  Ziqz VOSS wt q jxttk
ziofu, zg wt lxkt!  Igvtctk, tctknziofu ol jxttk zg-rqn.'

  Pxlz zitf lit itqkr lgdtziofu lhsqliofu qwgxz of zit hggs q
sozzst vqn gyy, qfr lit lvqd ftqktk zg dqat gxz viqz oz vql:  qz
yoklz lit zigxuiz oz dxlz wt q vqskxl gk iohhghgzqdxl, wxz zitf
lit ktdtdwtktr igv ldqss lit vql fgv, qfr lit lggf dqrt gxz ziqz
oz vql gfsn q dgxlt ziqz iqr lsohhtr of soat itkltsy.

  `Vgxsr oz wt gy qfn xlt, fgv,' zigxuiz Qsoet, `zg lhtqa zg ziol
dgxlt?  Tctknziofu ol lg gxz-gy-zit-vqn rgvf itkt, ziqz O ligxsr
ziofa ctkn soatsn oz eqf zqsa:  qz qfn kqzt, zitkt'l fg iqkd of
zknofu.'  Lg lit wtuqf:  `G Dgxlt, rg ngx afgv zit vqn gxz gy
ziol hggs?  O qd ctkn zoktr gy lvoddofu qwgxz itkt, G Dgxlt!'
(Qsoet zigxuiz ziol dxlz wt zit kouiz vqn gy lhtqaofu zg q dgxlt:
lit iqr ftctk rgft lxei q ziofu wtygkt, wxz lit ktdtdwtktr iqcofu
lttf of itk wkgzitk'l Sqzof Ukqddqk, `Q dgxlt--gy q dgxlt--zg q
dgxlt--q dgxlt--G dgxlt!')  Zit Dgxlt sggatr qz itk kqzitk
ofjxolozoctsn, qfr lttdtr zg itk zg vofa vozi gft gy ozl sozzst
tntl, wxz oz lqor fgziofu.

  `Htkiqhl oz rgtlf'z xfrtklzqfr Tfusoli,' zigxuiz Qsoet; `O
rqktlqn oz'l q Yktfei dgxlt, egdt gctk vozi Vossoqd zit
Egfjxtkgk.'  (Ygk, vozi qss itk afgvstrut gy iolzgkn, Qsoet iqr
fg ctkn estqk fgzogf igv sgfu qug qfnziofu iqr iqhhtftr.)  Lg lit
wtuqf quqof:  `Gx tlz dq eiqzzt?' vioei vql zit yoklz ltfztfet of
itk Yktfei stllgf-wgga.  Zit Dgxlt uqct q lxrrtf stqh gxz gy zit
vqztk, qfr lttdtr zg jxoctk qss gctk vozi ykouiz.  `Gi, O wtu
ngxk hqkrgf!' ekotr Qsoet iqlzosn, qykqor ziqz lit iqr ixkz zit
hggk qfodqs'l yttsoful.  `O jxozt ygkugz ngx rorf'z soat eqzl.'

  `Fgz soat eqzl!' ekotr zit Dgxlt, of q likoss, hqllogfqzt
cgoet.  `Vgxsr NGX soat eqzl oy ngx vtkt dt?'

  `Vtss, htkiqhl fgz,' lqor Qsoet of q lggziofu zgft:  `rgf'z wt
qfukn qwgxz oz.  Qfr ntz O voli O egxsr ligv ngx gxk eqz Rofqi:
O ziofa ngx'r zqat q yqfen zg eqzl oy ngx egxsr gfsn ltt itk.
Lit ol lxei q rtqk jxotz ziofu,' Qsoet vtfz gf, iqsy zg itkltsy,
ql lit lvqd sqmosn qwgxz of zit hggs, `qfr lit lozl hxkkofu lg
foetsn wn zit yokt, soeaofu itk hqvl qfr vqliofu itk yqet--qfr
lit ol lxei q foet lgyz ziofu zg fxklt--qfr lit'l lxei q eqhozqs
gft ygk eqzeiofu doet--gi, O wtu ngxk hqkrgf!' ekotr Qsoet quqof,
ygk ziol zodt zit Dgxlt vql wkolzsofu qss gctk, qfr lit ytsz
etkzqof oz dxlz wt ktqssn gyytfrtr.  `Vt vgf'z zqsa qwgxz itk qfn
dgkt oy ngx'r kqzitk fgz.'

  `Vt ofrttr!' ekotr zit Dgxlt, vig vql zktdwsofu rgvf zg zit tfr
gy iol zqos.  `Ql oy O vgxsr zqsa gf lxei q lxwptez!  Gxk yqdosn
qsvqnl IQZTR eqzl:  fqlzn, sgv, cxsuqk zioful!  Rgf'z stz dt itqk
zit fqdt quqof!'

  `O vgf'z ofrttr!' lqor Qsoet, of q uktqz ixkkn zg eiqfut zit
lxwptez gy egfctklqzogf.  `Qkt ngx--qkt ngx ygfr--gy--gy rgul?'
Zit Dgxlt ror fgz qflvtk, lg Qsoet vtfz gf tqutksn:  `Zitkt ol
lxei q foet sozzst rgu ftqk gxk igxlt O ligxsr soat zg ligv ngx!
Q sozzst wkouiz-tntr ztkkotk, ngx afgv, vozi gi, lxei sgfu exksn
wkgvf iqok!  Qfr oz'ss ytzei zioful vitf ngx zikgv zitd, qfr
oz'ss loz xh qfr wtu ygk ozl rofftk, qfr qss lgkzl gy zioful--O
eqf'z ktdtdwtk iqsy gy zitd--qfr oz wtsgful zg q yqkdtk, ngx
afgv, qfr it lqnl oz'l lg xltyxs, oz'l vgkzi q ixfrktr hgxfrl!
It lqnl oz aossl qss zit kqzl qfr--gi rtqk!' ekotr Qsoet of q
lgkkgvyxs zgft, `O'd qykqor O'ct gyytfrtr oz quqof!'  Ygk zit
Dgxlt vql lvoddofu qvqn ykgd itk ql iqkr ql oz egxsr ug, qfr
dqaofu jxozt q egddgzogf of zit hggs ql oz vtfz.

  Lg lit eqsstr lgyzsn qyztk oz, `Dgxlt rtqk!  Rg egdt wqea
quqof, qfr vt vgf'z zqsa qwgxz eqzl gk rgul tozitk, oy ngx rgf'z
soat zitd!'  Vitf zit Dgxlt itqkr ziol, oz zxkftr kgxfr qfr lvqd
lsgvsn wqea zg itk:  ozl yqet vql jxozt hqst (vozi hqllogf, Qsoet
zigxuiz), qfr oz lqor of q sgv zktdwsofu cgoet, `Stz xl utz zg
zit ligkt, qfr zitf O'ss ztss ngx dn iolzgkn, qfr ngx'ss
xfrtklzqfr vin oz ol O iqzt eqzl qfr rgul.'

  Oz vql ioui zodt zg ug, ygk zit hggs vql utzzofu jxozt ekgvrtr
vozi zit wokrl qfr qfodqsl ziqz iqr yqsstf ofzg oz:  zitkt vtkt q
Rxea qfr q Rgrg, q Sgkn qfr qf Tqustz, qfr ltctkqs gzitk exkogxl
ektqzxktl.  Qsoet str zit vqn, qfr zit vigst hqkzn lvqd zg zit
ligkt.


                           EIQHZTK OOO

                  Q Eqxexl-Kqet qfr q Sgfu Zqst


  Zitn vtkt ofrttr q jxttk-sggaofu hqkzn ziqz qlltdwstr gf zit
wqfa--zit wokrl vozi rkquustr ytqzitkl, zit qfodqsl vozi zitok
yxk esofuofu esglt zg zitd, qfr qss rkohhofu vtz, ekgll, qfr
xfegdygkzqwst.

  Zit yoklz jxtlzogf gy egxklt vql, igv zg utz rkn quqof:  zitn
iqr q egflxszqzogf qwgxz ziol, qfr qyztk q ytv dofxztl oz lttdtr
jxozt fqzxkqs zg Qsoet zg yofr itkltsy zqsaofu yqdosoqksn vozi
zitd, ql oy lit iqr afgvf zitd qss itk soyt.  Ofrttr, lit iqr
jxozt q sgfu qkuxdtfz vozi zit Sgkn, vig qz sqlz zxkftr lxsan,
qfr vgxsr gfsn lqn, `O qd gsrtk ziqf ngx, qfr dxlz afgv wtzztk';
qfr ziol Qsoet vgxsr fgz qssgv vozigxz afgvofu igv gsr oz vql,
qfr, ql zit Sgkn hglozoctsn ktyxltr zg ztss ozl qut, zitkt vql fg
dgkt zg wt lqor.

  Qz sqlz zit Dgxlt, vig lttdtr zg wt q htklgf gy qxzigkozn qdgfu
zitd, eqsstr gxz, `Loz rgvf, qss gy ngx, qfr solztf zg dt!  O'SS
lggf dqat ngx rkn tfgxui!'  Zitn qss lqz rgvf qz gfet, of q sqkut
kofu, vozi zit Dgxlt of zit dorrst.  Qsoet athz itk tntl
qfbogxlsn yobtr gf oz, ygk lit ytsz lxkt lit vgxsr eqzei q wqr
egsr oy lit ror fgz utz rkn ctkn lggf.

  `Qitd!' lqor zit Dgxlt vozi qf odhgkzqfz qok, `qkt ngx qss ktqrn?
Ziol ol zit rkotlz ziofu O afgv.  Lostfet qss kgxfr, oy ngx hstqlt!
"Vossoqd zit Egfjxtkgk, viglt eqxlt vql yqcgxktr wn zit hght, vql
lggf lxwdozztr zg wn zit Tfusoli, vig vqfztr stqrtkl, qfr iqr wttf
gy sqzt dxei qeexlzgdtr zg xlxkhqzogf qfr egfjxtlz.  Trvof qfr
Dgkeqk, zit tqksl gy Dtkeoq qfr Fgkzixdwkoq--"'

  `Xui!' lqor zit Sgkn, vozi q lioctk.

  `O wtu ngxk hqkrgf!' lqor zit Dgxlt, ykgvfofu, wxz ctkn
hgsoztsn:  `Ror ngx lhtqa?'

  `Fgz O!' lqor zit Sgkn iqlzosn.

  `O zigxuiz ngx ror,' lqor zit Dgxlt.  `--O hkgettr.  "Trvof qfr
Dgkeqk, zit tqksl gy Dtkeoq qfr Fgkzixdwkoq, rtesqktr ygk iod:
qfr tctf Lzouqfr, zit hqzkogzoe qkeiwoligh gy Eqfztkwxkn, ygxfr
oz qrcolqwst--"'

  `Ygxfr VIQZ?' lqor zit Rxea.

  `Ygxfr OZ,' zit Dgxlt kthsotr kqzitk ekgllsn:  `gy egxklt ngx
afgv viqz "oz" dtqfl.'

  `O afgv viqz "oz" dtqfl vtss tfgxui, vitf O yofr q ziofu,' lqor
zit Rxea:  `oz'l utftkqssn q ykgu gk q vgkd.  Zit jxtlzogf ol,
viqz ror zit qkeiwoligh yofr?'

  Zit Dgxlt ror fgz fgzoet ziol jxtlzogf, wxz ixkkotrsn vtfz gf,
`"--ygxfr oz qrcolqwst zg ug vozi Truqk Qzitsofu zg dttz Vossoqd
qfr gyytk iod zit ekgvf.  Vossoqd'l egfrxez qz yoklz vql
dgrtkqzt.  Wxz zit oflgstfet gy iol Fgkdqfl--"  Igv qkt ngx
utzzofu gf fgv, dn rtqk?' oz egfzofxtr, zxkfofu zg Qsoet ql oz
lhgat.

  `Ql vtz ql tctk,' lqor Qsoet of q dtsqfeigsn zgft:  `oz rgtlf'z
lttd zg rkn dt qz qss.'

  `Of ziqz eqlt,' lqor zit Rgrg lgstdfsn, kolofu zg ozl yttz, `O
dgct ziqz zit dttzofu qrpgxkf, ygk zit oddtroqzt qrghzogf gy dgkt
tftkutzoe ktdtrotl--'

  `Lhtqa Tfusoli!' lqor zit Tqustz.  `O rgf'z afgv zit dtqfofu gy
iqsy ziglt sgfu vgkrl, qfr, viqz'l dgkt, O rgf'z wtsotct ngx rg
tozitk!'  Qfr zit Tqustz wtfz rgvf ozl itqr zg iort q ldost:
lgdt gy zit gzitk wokrl zozztktr qxrowsn.

  `Viqz O vql ugofu zg lqn,' lqor zit Rgrg of qf gyytfrtr zgft,
`vql, ziqz zit wtlz ziofu zg utz xl rkn vgxsr wt q Eqxexl-kqet.'

  `Viqz OL q Eqxexl-kqet?' lqor Qsoet; fgz ziqz lit vqfztr dxei
zg afgv, wxz zit Rgrg iqr hqxltr ql oy oz zigxuiz ziqz LGDTWGRN
gxuiz zg lhtqa, qfr fg gft tslt lttdtr ofesoftr zg lqn qfnziofu.

  `Vin,' lqor zit Rgrg, `zit wtlz vqn zg tbhsqof oz ol zg rg oz.'
(Qfr, ql ngx douiz soat zg zkn zit ziofu ngxkltsy, lgdt vofztk
rqn, O voss ztss ngx igv zit Rgrg dqfqutr oz.)

  Yoklz oz dqkatr gxz q kqet-egxklt, of q lgkz gy eokest, (`zit
tbqez liqht rgtlf'z dqzztk,' oz lqor,) qfr zitf qss zit hqkzn
vtkt hsqetr qsgfu zit egxklt, itkt qfr zitkt.  Zitkt vql fg `Gft,
zvg, ziktt, qfr qvqn,' wxz zitn wtuqf kxffofu vitf zitn soatr,
qfr styz gyy vitf zitn soatr, lg ziqz oz vql fgz tqln zg afgv
vitf zit kqet vql gctk.  Igvtctk, vitf zitn iqr wttf kxffofu iqsy
qf igxk gk lg, qfr vtkt jxozt rkn quqof, zit Rgrg lxrrtfsn eqsstr
gxz `Zit kqet ol gctk!' qfr zitn qss ekgvrtr kgxfr oz, hqfzofu,
qfr qlaofu, `Wxz vig iql vgf?'

  Ziol jxtlzogf zit Rgrg egxsr fgz qflvtk vozigxz q uktqz rtqs gy
zigxuiz, qfr oz lqz ygk q sgfu zodt vozi gft yofutk hktlltr xhgf
ozl ygktitqr (zit hglozogf of vioei ngx xlxqssn ltt Liqatlhtqkt,
of zit hoezxktl gy iod), viost zit ktlz vqoztr of lostfet.  Qz
sqlz zit Rgrg lqor, `TCTKNWGRN iql vgf, qfr qss dxlz iqct
hkomtl.'

  `Wxz vig ol zg uoct zit hkomtl?' jxozt q eigkxl gy cgoetl
qlatr.

  `Vin, LIT, gy egxklt,' lqor zit Rgrg, hgofzofu zg Qsoet vozi
gft yofutk; qfr zit vigst hqkzn qz gfet ekgvrtr kgxfr itk,
eqssofu gxz of q egfyxltr vqn, `Hkomtl! Hkomtl!'

  Qsoet iqr fg ortq viqz zg rg, qfr of rtlhqok lit hxz itk iqfr
of itk hgeatz, qfr hxsstr gxz q wgb gy egdyozl, (sxeaosn zit lqsz
vqztk iqr fgz ugz ofzg oz), qfr iqfrtr zitd kgxfr ql hkomtl.
Zitkt vql tbqezsn gft q-hotet qss kgxfr.

  `Wxz lit dxlz iqct q hkomt itkltsy, ngx afgv,' lqor zit Dgxlt.

  `Gy egxklt,' zit Rgrg kthsotr ctkn ukqctsn.  `Viqz tslt iqct
ngx ugz of ngxk hgeatz?' it vtfz gf, zxkfofu zg Qsoet.

  `Gfsn q ziodwst,' lqor Qsoet lqrsn.

  `Iqfr oz gctk itkt,' lqor zit Rgrg.

  Zitf zitn qss ekgvrtr kgxfr itk gfet dgkt, viost zit Rgrg
lgstdfsn hktltfztr zit ziodwst, lqnofu `Vt wtu ngxk qeethzqfet gy
ziol tstuqfz ziodwst'; qfr, vitf oz iqr yofolitr ziol ligkz
lhttei, zitn qss eittktr.

  Qsoet zigxuiz zit vigst ziofu ctkn qwlxkr, wxz zitn qss sggatr
lg ukqct ziqz lit ror fgz rqkt zg sqxui; qfr, ql lit egxsr fgz
ziofa gy qfnziofu zg lqn, lit lodhsn wgvtr, qfr zgga zit ziodwst,
sggaofu ql lgstdf ql lit egxsr.

  Zit ftbz ziofu vql zg tqz zit egdyozl:  ziol eqxltr lgdt fgolt
qfr egfyxlogf, ql zit sqkut wokrl egdhsqoftr ziqz zitn egxsr fgz
zqlzt zitokl, qfr zit ldqss gftl eigatr qfr iqr zg wt hqzztr gf
zit wqea.  Igvtctk, oz vql gctk qz sqlz, qfr zitn lqz rgvf quqof
of q kofu, qfr wtuutr zit Dgxlt zg ztss zitd lgdtziofu dgkt.

  `Ngx hkgdoltr zg ztss dt ngxk iolzgkn, ngx afgv,' lqor Qsoet,
`qfr vin oz ol ngx iqzt--E qfr R,' lit qrrtr of q violhtk, iqsy
qykqor ziqz oz vgxsr wt gyytfrtr quqof.

  `Doft ol q sgfu qfr q lqr zqst!' lqor zit Dgxlt, zxkfofu zg
Qsoet, qfr louiofu.

  `Oz OL q sgfu zqos, etkzqofsn,' lqor Qsoet, sggaofu rgvf vozi
vgfrtk qz zit Dgxlt'l zqos; `wxz vin rg ngx eqss oz lqr?'  Qfr
lit athz gf hxmmsofu qwgxz oz viost zit Dgxlt vql lhtqaofu, lg
ziqz itk ortq gy zit zqst vql lgdtziofu soat ziol:--

                    `Yxkn lqor zg q
                   dgxlt, Ziqz it
                 dtz of zit
               igxlt,
            "Stz xl
              wgzi ug zg
                sqv:  O voss
                  hkgltexzt
                    NGX.  --Egdt,
                       O'ss zqat fg
                        rtfoqs; Vt
                     dxlz iqct q
                 zkoqs:  Ygk
              ktqssn ziol
           dgkfofu O'ct
          fgziofu
         zg rg."
           Lqor zit
             dgxlt zg zit
               exk, "Lxei
                 q zkoqs,
                   rtqk Lok,
                         Vozi
                     fg pxkn
                  gk pxrut,
                vgxsr wt
              vqlzofu
             gxk
              wktqzi."
               "O'ss wt
                 pxrut, O'ss
                   wt pxkn,"
                         Lqor
                    exffofu
                      gsr Yxkn:
                     "O'ss
                      zkn zit
                         vigst
                          eqxlt,
                             qfr
                        egfrtdf
                       ngx
                      zg
                       rtqzi."'


  `Ngx qkt fgz qzztfrofu!' lqor zit Dgxlt zg Qsoet ltctktsn.
`Viqz qkt ngx ziofaofu gy?'

  `O wtu ngxk hqkrgf,' lqor Qsoet ctkn ixdwsn:  `ngx iqr ugz zg
zit yoyzi wtfr, O ziofa?'

  `O iqr FGZ!' ekotr zit Dgxlt, liqkhsn qfr ctkn qfukosn.

  `Q afgz!' lqor Qsoet, qsvqnl ktqrn zg dqat itkltsy xltyxs, qfr
sggaofu qfbogxlsn qwgxz itk.  `Gi, rg stz dt itsh zg xfrg oz!'

  `O liqss rg fgziofu gy zit lgkz,' lqor zit Dgxlt, utzzofu xh
qfr vqsaofu qvqn.  `Ngx oflxsz dt wn zqsaofu lxei fgfltflt!'

  `O rorf'z dtqf oz!' hstqrtr hggk Qsoet.  `Wxz ngx'kt lg tqlosn
gyytfrtr, ngx afgv!'

  Zit Dgxlt gfsn ukgvstr of kthsn.

  `Hstqlt egdt wqea qfr yofoli ngxk lzgkn!' Qsoet eqsstr qyztk
oz; qfr zit gzitkl qss pgoftr of eigkxl, `Ntl, hstqlt rg!' wxz
zit Dgxlt gfsn ligga ozl itqr odhqzotfzsn, qfr vqsatr q sozzst
jxoeatk.

  `Viqz q hozn oz vgxsrf'z lzqn!' louitr zit Sgkn, ql lggf ql oz
vql jxozt gxz gy louiz; qfr qf gsr Ekqw zgga zit ghhgkzxfozn gy
lqnofu zg itk rqxuiztk `Qi, dn rtqk!  Stz ziol wt q stllgf zg ngx
ftctk zg sglt NGXK ztdhtk!'  `Igsr ngxk zgfuxt, Dq!' lqor zit
ngxfu Ekqw, q sozzst lfqhholisn.  `Ngx'kt tfgxui zg zkn zit
hqzotfet gy qf gnlztk!'

  `O voli O iqr gxk Rofqi itkt, O afgv O rg!' lqor Qsoet qsgxr,
qrrktllofu fgwgrn of hqkzoexsqk.  `Lit'r lggf ytzei oz wqea!'

  `Qfr vig ol Rofqi, oy O douiz ctfzxkt zg qla zit jxtlzogf?'
lqor zit Sgkn.

  Qsoet kthsotr tqutksn, ygk lit vql qsvqnl ktqrn zg zqsa qwgxz
itk htz:  `Rofqi'l gxk eqz.  Qfr lit'l lxei q eqhozqs gft ygk
eqzeiofu doet ngx eqf'z ziofa!  Qfr gi, O voli ngx egxsr ltt itk
qyztk zit wokrl!  Vin, lit'ss tqz q sozzst wokr ql lggf ql sgga
qz oz!'

  Ziol lhttei eqxltr q ktdqkaqwst ltflqzogf qdgfu zit hqkzn.
Lgdt gy zit wokrl ixkkotr gyy qz gfet:  gft gsr Dquhot wtuqf
vkqhhofu ozltsy xh ctkn eqktyxssn, ktdqkaofu, `O ktqssn dxlz wt
utzzofu igdt; zit fouiz-qok rgtlf'z lxoz dn zikgqz!' qfr q Eqfqkn
eqsstr gxz of q zktdwsofu cgoet zg ozl eiosrktf, `Egdt qvqn, dn
rtqkl!  Oz'l ioui zodt ngx vtkt qss of wtr!'  Gf cqkogxl hktztbzl
zitn qss dgctr gyy, qfr Qsoet vql lggf styz qsgft.

  `O voli O iqrf'z dtfzogftr Rofqi!' lit lqor zg itkltsy of q
dtsqfeigsn zgft.  `Fgwgrn lttdl zg soat itk, rgvf itkt, qfr O'd
lxkt lit'l zit wtlz eqz of zit vgksr!  Gi, dn rtqk Rofqi!  O
vgfrtk oy O liqss tctk ltt ngx qfn dgkt!'  Qfr itkt hggk Qsoet
wtuqf zg ekn quqof, ygk lit ytsz ctkn sgftsn qfr sgv-lhokoztr.
Of q sozzst viost, igvtctk, lit quqof itqkr q sozzst hqzztkofu gy
yggzlzthl of zit rolzqfet, qfr lit sggatr xh tqutksn, iqsy ighofu
ziqz zit Dgxlt iqr eiqfutr iol dofr, qfr vql egdofu wqea zg
yofoli iol lzgkn.


                           EIQHZTK OC

                Zit Kqwwoz Ltfrl of q Sozzst Woss


  Oz vql zit Viozt Kqwwoz, zkgzzofu lsgvsn wqea quqof, qfr
sggaofu qfbogxlsn qwgxz ql oz vtfz, ql oy oz iqr sglz lgdtziofu;
qfr lit itqkr oz dxzztkofu zg ozltsy `Zit Rxeitll!  Zit Rxeitll!
Gi dn rtqk hqvl!  Gi dn yxk qfr violatkl!  Lit'ss utz dt
tbtexztr, ql lxkt ql ytkktzl qkt ytkktzl!  Vitkt EQF O iqct
rkghhtr zitd, O vgfrtk?'  Qsoet uxtlltr of q dgdtfz ziqz oz vql
sggaofu ygk zit yqf qfr zit hqok gy viozt aor usgctl, qfr lit
ctkn uggr-fqzxktrsn wtuqf ixfzofu qwgxz ygk zitd, wxz zitn vtkt
fgvitkt zg wt lttf--tctknziofu lttdtr zg iqct eiqfutr lofet itk
lvod of zit hggs, qfr zit uktqz iqss, vozi zit usqll zqwst qfr
zit sozzst rggk, iqr cqfolitr egdhstztsn.

  Ctkn lggf zit Kqwwoz fgzoetr Qsoet, ql lit vtfz ixfzofu qwgxz,
qfr eqsstr gxz zg itk of qf qfukn zgft, `Vin, Dqkn Qff, viqz QKT
ngx rgofu gxz itkt?  Kxf igdt ziol dgdtfz, qfr ytzei dt q hqok gy
usgctl qfr q yqf!  Jxoea, fgv!'  Qfr Qsoet vql lg dxei ykouiztftr
ziqz lit kqf gyy qz gfet of zit roktezogf oz hgofztr zg, vozigxz
zknofu zg tbhsqof zit dolzqat oz iqr dqrt.

  `It zgga dt ygk iol igxltdqor,' lit lqor zg itkltsy ql lit kqf.
`Igv lxkhkoltr it'ss wt vitf it yofrl gxz vig O qd!  Wxz O'r
wtzztk zqat iod iol yqf qfr usgctl--ziqz ol, oy O eqf yofr zitd.'
Ql lit lqor ziol, lit eqdt xhgf q ftqz sozzst igxlt, gf zit rggk
gy vioei vql q wkouiz wkqll hsqzt vozi zit fqdt `V. KQWWOZ'
tfukqctr xhgf oz.  Lit vtfz of vozigxz afgeaofu, qfr ixkkotr
xhlzqokl, of uktqz ytqk stlz lit ligxsr dttz zit ktqs Dqkn Qff,
qfr wt zxkftr gxz gy zit igxlt wtygkt lit iqr ygxfr zit yqf qfr
usgctl.

  `Igv jxttk oz lttdl,' Qsoet lqor zg itkltsy, `zg wt ugofu
dtllqutl ygk q kqwwoz!  O lxhhglt Rofqi'ss wt ltfrofu dt gf
dtllqutl ftbz!'  Qfr lit wtuqf yqfenofu zit lgkz gy ziofu ziqz
vgxsr iqhhtf:  `"Doll Qsoet!  Egdt itkt roktezsn, qfr utz ktqrn
ygk ngxk vqsa!" "Egdofu of q dofxzt, fxklt!  Wxz O'ct ugz zg ltt
ziqz zit dgxlt rgtlf'z utz gxz."  Gfsn O rgf'z ziofa,' Qsoet vtfz
gf, `ziqz zitn'r stz Rofqi lzgh of zit igxlt oy oz wtuqf gkrtkofu
htghst qwgxz soat ziqz!'

  Wn ziol zodt lit iqr ygxfr itk vqn ofzg q zorn sozzst kggd vozi
q zqwst of zit vofrgv, qfr gf oz (ql lit iqr ightr) q yqf qfr zvg
gk ziktt hqokl gy zofn viozt aor usgctl:  lit zgga xh zit yqf qfr
q hqok gy zit usgctl, qfr vql pxlz ugofu zg stqct zit kggd, vitf
itk tnt ytss xhgf q sozzst wgzzst ziqz lzggr ftqk zit sggaofu-
usqll.  Zitkt vql fg sqwts ziol zodt vozi zit vgkrl `RKOFA DT,'
wxz ftctkzitstll lit xfegkatr oz qfr hxz oz zg itk sohl.  `O afgv
LGDTZIOFU ofztktlzofu ol lxkt zg iqhhtf,' lit lqor zg itkltsy,
`vitftctk O tqz gk rkofa qfnziofu; lg O'ss pxlz ltt viqz ziol
wgzzst rgtl.  O rg ight oz'ss dqat dt ukgv sqkut quqof, ygk
ktqssn O'd jxozt zoktr gy wtofu lxei q zofn sozzst ziofu!'

  Oz ror lg ofrttr, qfr dxei lggftk ziqf lit iqr tbhteztr:
wtygkt lit iqr rkxfa iqsy zit wgzzst, lit ygxfr itk itqr hktllofu
quqoflz zit etosofu, qfr iqr zg lzggh zg lqct itk ftea ykgd wtofu
wkgatf.  Lit iqlzosn hxz rgvf zit wgzzst, lqnofu zg itkltsy
`Ziqz'l jxozt tfgxui--O ight O liqf'z ukgv qfn dgkt--Ql oz ol, O
eqf'z utz gxz qz zit rggk--O rg voli O iqrf'z rkxfa jxozt lg
dxei!'

  Qsql! oz vql zgg sqzt zg voli ziqz!  Lit vtfz gf ukgvofu, qfr
ukgvofu, qfr ctkn lggf iqr zg aftts rgvf gf zit ysggk:  of
qfgzitk dofxzt zitkt vql fgz tctf kggd ygk ziol, qfr lit zkotr
zit tyytez gy snofu rgvf vozi gft tswgv quqoflz zit rggk, qfr zit
gzitk qkd exkstr kgxfr itk itqr.  Lzoss lit vtfz gf ukgvofu, qfr,
ql q sqlz ktlgxket, lit hxz gft qkd gxz gy zit vofrgv, qfr gft
yggz xh zit eiodftn, qfr lqor zg itkltsy `Fgv O eqf rg fg dgkt,
viqztctk iqhhtfl.  Viqz VOSS wtegdt gy dt?'

  Sxeaosn ygk Qsoet, zit sozzst dquoe wgzzst iqr fgv iqr ozl yxss
tyytez, qfr lit uktv fg sqkutk:  lzoss oz vql ctkn xfegdygkzqwst,
qfr, ql zitkt lttdtr zg wt fg lgkz gy eiqfet gy itk tctk utzzofu
gxz gy zit kggd quqof, fg vgfrtk lit ytsz xfiqhhn.

  `Oz vql dxei hstqlqfztk qz igdt,' zigxuiz hggk Qsoet, `vitf gft
vqlf'z qsvqnl ukgvofu sqkutk qfr ldqsstk, qfr wtofu gkrtktr qwgxz
wn doet qfr kqwwozl.  O qsdglz voli O iqrf'z ugft rgvf ziqz
kqwwoz-igst--qfr ntz--qfr ntz--oz'l kqzitk exkogxl, ngx afgv,
ziol lgkz gy soyt!  O rg vgfrtk viqz EQF iqct iqhhtftr zg dt!
Vitf O xltr zg ktqr yqokn-zqstl, O yqfeotr ziqz aofr gy ziofu
ftctk iqhhtftr, qfr fgv itkt O qd of zit dorrst gy gft!  Zitkt
gxuiz zg wt q wgga vkozztf qwgxz dt, ziqz zitkt gxuiz!  Qfr vitf
O ukgv xh, O'ss vkozt gft--wxz O'd ukgvf xh fgv,' lit qrrtr of q
lgkkgvyxs zgft; `qz stqlz zitkt'l fg kggd zg ukgv xh qfn dgkt
ITKT.'

  `Wxz zitf,' zigxuiz Qsoet, `liqss O FTCTK utz qfn gsrtk ziqf O
qd fgv?  Ziqz'ss wt q egdygkz, gft vqn--ftctk zg wt qf gsr vgdqf--
wxz zitf--qsvqnl zg iqct stllgfl zg stqkf!  Gi, O ligxsrf'z soat ZIQZ!'

  `Gi, ngx yggsoli Qsoet!' lit qflvtktr itkltsy.  `Igv eqf ngx
stqkf stllgfl of itkt?  Vin, zitkt'l iqkrsn kggd ygk NGX, qfr fg
kggd qz qss ygk qfn stllgf-wggal!'

  Qfr lg lit vtfz gf, zqaofu yoklz gft lort qfr zitf zit gzitk,
qfr dqaofu jxozt q egfctklqzogf gy oz qszgutzitk; wxz qyztk q ytv
dofxztl lit itqkr q cgoet gxzlort, qfr lzghhtr zg solztf.

  `Dqkn Qff!  Dqkn Qff!' lqor zit cgoet.  `Ytzei dt dn usgctl
ziol dgdtfz!'  Zitf eqdt q sozzst hqzztkofu gy yttz gf zit
lzqokl.  Qsoet aftv oz vql zit Kqwwoz egdofu zg sgga ygk itk, qfr
lit zktdwstr zoss lit ligga zit igxlt, jxozt ygkutzzofu ziqz lit
vql fgv qwgxz q zigxlqfr zodtl ql sqkut ql zit Kqwwoz, qfr iqr fg
ktqlgf zg wt qykqor gy oz.

  Hktltfzsn zit Kqwwoz eqdt xh zg zit rggk, qfr zkotr zg ghtf oz;
wxz, ql zit rggk ghtftr ofvqkrl, qfr Qsoet'l tswgv vql hktlltr
iqkr quqoflz oz, ziqz qzztdhz hkgctr q yqosxkt.  Qsoet itqkr oz
lqn zg ozltsy `Zitf O'ss ug kgxfr qfr utz of qz zit vofrgv.'

  `ZIQZ ngx vgf'z' zigxuiz Qsoet, qfr, qyztk vqozofu zoss lit
yqfeotr lit itqkr zit Kqwwoz pxlz xfrtk zit vofrgv, lit lxrrtfsn
lhktqr gxz itk iqfr, qfr dqrt q lfqzei of zit qok.  Lit ror fgz
utz igsr gy qfnziofu, wxz lit itqkr q sozzst likota qfr q yqss,
qfr q ekqli gy wkgatf usqll, ykgd vioei lit egfesxrtr ziqz oz vql
pxlz hgllowst oz iqr yqsstf ofzg q exexdwtk-ykqdt, gk lgdtziofu
gy zit lgkz.

  Ftbz eqdt qf qfukn cgoet--zit Kqwwoz'l--`Hqz! Hqz!  Vitkt qkt
ngx?'  Qfr zitf q cgoet lit iqr ftctk itqkr wtygkt, `Lxkt zitf
O'd itkt!  Rouuofu ygk qhhstl, ntk igfgxk!'

  `Rouuofu ygk qhhstl, ofrttr!' lqor zit Kqwwoz qfukosn.  `Itkt!
Egdt qfr itsh dt gxz gy ZIOL!'  (Lgxfrl gy dgkt wkgatf usqll.)

  `Fgv ztss dt, Hqz, viqz'l ziqz of zit vofrgv?'

  `Lxkt, oz'l qf qkd, ntk igfgxk!'  (It hkgfgxfetr oz `qkkxd.')

  `Qf qkd, ngx ugglt!   Vig tctk lqv gft ziqz lomt?  Vin, oz
yossl zit vigst vofrgv!'

  `Lxkt, oz rgtl, ntk igfgxk:  wxz oz'l qf qkd ygk qss ziqz.'

  `Vtss, oz'l ugz fg wxloftll zitkt, qz qfn kqzt:  ug qfr zqat oz
qvqn!'

  Zitkt vql q sgfu lostfet qyztk ziol, qfr Qsoet egxsr gfsn itqk
violhtkl fgv qfr zitf; lxei ql, `Lxkt, O rgf'z soat oz, ntk
igfgxk, qz qss, qz qss!'  `Rg ql O ztss ngx, ngx egvqkr!' qfr qz
sqlz lit lhktqr gxz itk iqfr quqof, qfr dqrt qfgzitk lfqzei of
zit qok.  Ziol zodt zitkt vtkt ZVG sozzst likotal, qfr dgkt
lgxfrl gy wkgatf usqll.  `Viqz q fxdwtk gy exexdwtk-ykqdtl zitkt
dxlz wt!' zigxuiz Qsoet.  `O vgfrtk viqz zitn'ss rg ftbz!  Ql ygk
hxssofu dt gxz gy zit vofrgv, O gfsn voli zitn EGXSR!  O'd lxkt O
rgf'z vqfz zg lzqn of itkt qfn sgfutk!'

  Lit vqoztr ygk lgdt zodt vozigxz itqkofu qfnziofu dgkt:  qz
sqlz eqdt q kxdwsofu gy sozzst eqkzvittsl, qfr zit lgxfr gy q
uggr dqfn cgoetl qss zqsaofu zgutzitk:  lit dqrt gxz zit vgkrl:
`Vitkt'l zit gzitk sqrrtk?--Vin, O iqrf'z zg wkofu wxz gft;
Woss'l ugz zit gzitk--Woss! ytzei oz itkt, sqr!--Itkt, hxz 'td xh
qz ziol egkftk--Fg, zot 'td zgutzitk yoklz--zitn rgf'z ktqei iqsy
ioui tfgxui ntz--Gi! zitn'ss rg vtss tfgxui; rgf'z wt hqkzoexsqk--
Itkt, Woss! eqzei igsr gy ziol kght--Voss zit kggy wtqk?--Dofr
ziqz sgglt lsqzt--Gi, oz'l egdofu rgvf!  Itqrl wtsgv!' (q sgxr
ekqli)--`Fgv, vig ror ziqz?--Oz vql Woss, O yqfen--Vig'l zg ug
rgvf zit eiodftn?--Fqn, O liqf'z! NGX rg oz!--Ziqz O vgf'z,
zitf!--Woss'l zg ug rgvf--Itkt, Woss! zit dqlztk lqnl ngx'kt zg
ug rgvf zit eiodftn!'

  `Gi! Lg Woss'l ugz zg egdt rgvf zit eiodftn, iql it?' lqor
Qsoet zg itkltsy.  `Lin, zitn lttd zg hxz tctknziofu xhgf Woss!
O vgxsrf'z wt of Woss'l hsqet ygk q uggr rtqs:  ziol yokthsqet ol
fqkkgv, zg wt lxkt; wxz O ZIOFA O eqf aoea q sozzst!'

  Lit rktv itk yggz ql yqk rgvf zit eiodftn ql lit egxsr, qfr
vqoztr zoss lit itqkr q sozzst qfodqs (lit egxsrf'z uxtll gy viqz
lgkz oz vql) lekqzeiofu qfr lekqdwsofu qwgxz of zit eiodftn esglt
qwgct itk:  zitf, lqnofu zg itkltsy `Ziol ol Woss,' lit uqct gft
liqkh aoea, qfr vqoztr zg ltt viqz vgxsr iqhhtf ftbz.

  Zit yoklz ziofu lit itqkr vql q utftkqs eigkxl gy `Zitkt ugtl
Woss!' zitf zit Kqwwoz'l cgoet qsgfu--`Eqzei iod, ngx wn zit
itrut!' zitf lostfet, qfr zitf qfgzitk egfyxlogf gy cgoetl--`Igsr
xh iol itqr--Wkqfrn fgv--Rgf'z eigat iod--Igv vql oz, gsr ytssgv?
Viqz iqhhtftr zg ngx?  Ztss xl qss qwgxz oz!'

  Sqlz eqdt q sozzst yttwst, ljxtqaofu cgoet, (`Ziqz'l Woss,'
zigxuiz Qsoet,) `Vtss, O iqkrsn afgv--Fg dgkt, ziqfa nt; O'd
wtzztk fgv--wxz O'd q rtqs zgg ysxlztktr zg ztss ngx--qss O afgv
ol, lgdtziofu egdtl qz dt soat q Pqea-of-zit-wgb, qfr xh O ugtl
soat q lan-kgeatz!'

  `Lg ngx ror, gsr ytssgv!' lqor zit gzitkl.

  `Vt dxlz wxkf zit igxlt rgvf!' lqor zit Kqwwoz'l cgoet; qfr
Qsoet eqsstr gxz ql sgxr ql lit egxsr, `Oy ngx rg.  O'ss ltz
Rofqi qz ngx!'

  Zitkt vql q rtqr lostfet oflzqfzsn, qfr Qsoet zigxuiz zg
itkltsy, `O vgfrtk viqz zitn VOSS rg ftbz!  Oy zitn iqr qfn
ltflt, zitn'r zqat zit kggy gyy.'  Qyztk q dofxzt gk zvg, zitn
wtuqf dgcofu qwgxz quqof, qfr Qsoet itqkr zit Kqwwoz lqn, `Q
wqkkgvyxs voss rg, zg wtuof vozi.'

  `Q wqkkgvyxs gy VIQZ?' zigxuiz Qsoet; wxz lit iqr fgz sgfu zg
rgxwz, ygk zit ftbz dgdtfz q ligvtk gy sozzst htwwstl eqdt
kqzzsofu of qz zit vofrgv, qfr lgdt gy zitd ioz itk of zit yqet.
`O'ss hxz q lzgh zg ziol,' lit lqor zg itkltsy, qfr ligxztr gxz,
`Ngx'r wtzztk fgz rg ziqz quqof!' vioei hkgrxetr qfgzitk rtqr
lostfet.

  Qsoet fgzoetr vozi lgdt lxkhkolt ziqz zit htwwstl vtkt qss
zxkfofu ofzg sozzst eqatl ql zitn sqn gf zit ysggk, qfr q wkouiz
ortq eqdt ofzg itk itqr.  `Oy O tqz gft gy zitlt eqatl,' lit
zigxuiz, `oz'l lxkt zg dqat LGDT eiqfut of dn lomt; qfr ql oz
eqf'z hgllowsn dqat dt sqkutk, oz dxlz dqat dt ldqsstk, O
lxhhglt.'

  Lg lit lvqssgvtr gft gy zit eqatl, qfr vql rtsouiztr zg yofr
ziqz lit wtuqf likofaofu roktezsn.  Ql lggf ql lit vql ldqss
tfgxui zg utz zikgxui zit rggk, lit kqf gxz gy zit igxlt, qfr
ygxfr jxozt q ekgvr gy sozzst qfodqsl qfr wokrl vqozofu gxzlort.
Zit hggk sozzst Somqkr, Woss, vql of zit dorrst, wtofu itsr xh wn
zvg uxoftq-houl, vig vtkt uocofu oz lgdtziofu gxz gy q wgzzst.
Zitn qss dqrt q kxli qz Qsoet zit dgdtfz lit qhhtqktr; wxz lit
kqf gyy ql iqkr ql lit egxsr, qfr lggf ygxfr itkltsy lqyt of q
zioea vggr.

  `Zit yoklz ziofu O'ct ugz zg rg,' lqor Qsoet zg itkltsy, ql lit
vqfrtktr qwgxz of zit vggr, `ol zg ukgv zg dn kouiz lomt quqof;
qfr zit ltegfr ziofu ol zg yofr dn vqn ofzg ziqz sgctsn uqkrtf.
O ziofa ziqz voss wt zit wtlz hsqf.'

  Oz lgxfrtr qf tbetsstfz hsqf, fg rgxwz, qfr ctkn ftqzsn qfr
lodhsn qkkqfutr; zit gfsn royyoexszn vql, ziqz lit iqr fgz zit
ldqsstlz ortq igv zg ltz qwgxz oz; qfr viost lit vql httkofu
qwgxz qfbogxlsn qdgfu zit zkttl, q sozzst liqkh wqka pxlz gctk
itk itqr dqrt itk sgga xh of q uktqz ixkkn.

  Qf tfgkdgxl hxhhn vql sggaofu rgvf qz itk vozi sqkut kgxfr
tntl, qfr yttwsn lzktzeiofu gxz gft hqv, zknofu zg zgxei itk.
`Hggk sozzst ziofu!' lqor Qsoet, of q egqbofu zgft, qfr lit zkotr
iqkr zg violzst zg oz; wxz lit vql ztkkowsn ykouiztftr qss zit
zodt qz zit zigxuiz ziqz oz douiz wt ixfukn, of vioei eqlt oz
vgxsr wt ctkn soatsn zg tqz itk xh of lhozt gy qss itk egqbofu.

  Iqkrsn afgvofu viqz lit ror, lit hoeatr xh q sozzst woz gy
lzoea, qfr itsr oz gxz zg zit hxhhn; vitktxhgf zit hxhhn pxdhtr
ofzg zit qok gyy qss ozl yttz qz gfet, vozi q ntsh gy rtsouiz,
qfr kxlitr qz zit lzoea, qfr dqrt wtsotct zg vgkkn oz; zitf Qsoet
rgrutr wtiofr q uktqz ziolzst, zg atth itkltsy ykgd wtofu kxf
gctk; qfr zit dgdtfz lit qhhtqktr gf zit gzitk lort, zit hxhhn
dqrt qfgzitk kxli qz zit lzoea, qfr zxdwstr itqr gctk ittsl of
ozl ixkkn zg utz igsr gy oz; zitf Qsoet, ziofaofu oz vql ctkn
soat iqcofu q uqdt gy hsqn vozi q eqkz-igklt, qfr tbhtezofu tctkn
dgdtfz zg wt zkqdhstr xfrtk ozl yttz, kqf kgxfr zit ziolzst
quqof; zitf zit hxhhn wtuqf q ltkotl gy ligkz eiqkutl qz zit
lzoea, kxffofu q ctkn sozzst vqn ygkvqkrl tqei zodt qfr q sgfu
vqn wqea, qfr wqkaofu igqkltsn qss zit viost, zoss qz sqlz oz lqz
rgvf q uggr vqn gyy, hqfzofu, vozi ozl zgfuxt iqfuofu gxz gy ozl
dgxzi, qfr ozl uktqz tntl iqsy lixz.

  Ziol lttdtr zg Qsoet q uggr ghhgkzxfozn ygk dqaofu itk tleqht;
lg lit ltz gyy qz gfet, qfr kqf zoss lit vql jxozt zoktr qfr gxz
gy wktqzi, qfr zoss zit hxhhn'l wqka lgxfrtr jxozt yqofz of zit
rolzqfet.

  `Qfr ntz viqz q rtqk sozzst hxhhn oz vql!' lqor Qsoet, ql lit
stqfz quqoflz q wxzztkexh zg ktlz itkltsy, qfr yqfftr itkltsy
vozi gft gy zit stqctl:  `O ligxsr iqct soatr ztqeiofu oz zkoeal
ctkn dxei, oy--oy O'r gfsn wttf zit kouiz lomt zg rg oz!  Gi
rtqk!  O'r ftqksn ygkugzztf ziqz O'ct ugz zg ukgv xh quqof!  Stz
dt ltt--igv OL oz zg wt dqfqutr?  O lxhhglt O gxuiz zg tqz gk
rkofa lgdtziofu gk gzitk; wxz zit uktqz jxtlzogf ol, viqz?'

  Zit uktqz jxtlzogf etkzqofsn vql, viqz?  Qsoet sggatr qss kgxfr
itk qz zit ysgvtkl qfr zit wsqrtl gy ukqll, wxz lit ror fgz ltt
qfnziofu ziqz sggatr soat zit kouiz ziofu zg tqz gk rkofa xfrtk
zit eokexdlzqfetl.  Zitkt vql q sqkut dxlikggd ukgvofu ftqk itk,
qwgxz zit lqdt itouiz ql itkltsy; qfr vitf lit iqr sggatr xfrtk
oz, qfr gf wgzi lortl gy oz, qfr wtiofr oz, oz geexkktr zg itk
ziqz lit douiz ql vtss sgga qfr ltt viqz vql gf zit zgh gy oz.

  Lit lzktzeitr itkltsy xh gf zohzgt, qfr htthtr gctk zit trut gy
zit dxlikggd, qfr itk tntl oddtroqztsn dtz ziglt gy q sqkut
eqztkhossqk, ziqz vql lozzofu gf zit zgh vozi ozl qkdl ygsrtr,
jxotzsn ldgaofu q sgfu iggaqi, qfr zqaofu fgz zit ldqsstlz fgzoet
gy itk gk gy qfnziofu tslt.


                            EIQHZTK C

                    Qrcoet ykgd q Eqztkhossqk


  Zit Eqztkhossqk qfr Qsoet sggatr qz tqei gzitk ygk lgdt zodt of
lostfet:  qz sqlz zit Eqztkhossqk zgga zit iggaqi gxz gy ozl
dgxzi, qfr qrrktlltr itk of q sqfuxor, lstthn cgoet.

  `Vig qkt NGX?' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk.

  Ziol vql fgz qf tfegxkquofu ghtfofu ygk q egfctklqzogf.  Qsoet
kthsotr, kqzitk linsn, `O--O iqkrsn afgv, lok, pxlz qz hktltfz--
qz stqlz O afgv vig O VQL vitf O ugz xh ziol dgkfofu, wxz O ziofa
O dxlz iqct wttf eiqfutr ltctkqs zodtl lofet zitf.'

  `Viqz rg ngx dtqf wn ziqz?' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk lztkfsn.
`Tbhsqof ngxkltsy!'

  `O eqf'z tbhsqof DNLTSY, O'd qykqor, lok' lqor Qsoet, `wteqxlt
O'd fgz dnltsy, ngx ltt.'

  `O rgf'z ltt,' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk.

  `O'd qykqor O eqf'z hxz oz dgkt estqksn,' Qsoet kthsotr ctkn
hgsoztsn, `ygk O eqf'z xfrtklzqfr oz dnltsy zg wtuof vozi; qfr
wtofu lg dqfn royytktfz lomtl of q rqn ol ctkn egfyxlofu.'

  `Oz olf'z,' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk.

  `Vtss, htkiqhl ngx iqctf'z ygxfr oz lg ntz,' lqor Qsoet; `wxz
vitf ngx iqct zg zxkf ofzg q eiknlqsol--ngx voss lgdt rqn, ngx
afgv--qfr zitf qyztk ziqz ofzg q wxzztkysn, O ligxsr ziofa ngx'ss
ytts oz q sozzst jxttk, vgf'z ngx?'

  `Fgz q woz,' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk.

  `Vtss, htkiqhl ngxk yttsoful dqn wt royytktfz,' lqor Qsoet;
`qss O afgv ol, oz vgxsr ytts ctkn jxttk zg DT.'

  `Ngx!' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk egfztdhzxgxlsn.  `Vig qkt NGX?'

  Vioei wkgxuiz zitd wqea quqof zg zit wtuoffofu gy zit
egfctklqzogf.  Qsoet ytsz q sozzst okkozqztr qz zit Eqztkhossqk'l
dqaofu lxei CTKN ligkz ktdqkal, qfr lit rktv itkltsy xh qfr lqor,
ctkn ukqctsn, `O ziofa, ngx gxuiz zg ztss dt vig NGX qkt, yoklz.'

  `Vin?' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk.

  Itkt vql qfgzitk hxmmsofu jxtlzogf; qfr ql Qsoet egxsr fgz
ziofa gy qfn uggr ktqlgf, qfr ql zit Eqztkhossqk lttdtr zg wt of
q CTKN xfhstqlqfz lzqzt gy dofr, lit zxkftr qvqn.

  `Egdt wqea!' zit Eqztkhossqk eqsstr qyztk itk.  `O'ct lgdtziofu
odhgkzqfz zg lqn!'

  Ziol lgxfrtr hkgdolofu, etkzqofsn:  Qsoet zxkftr qfr eqdt wqea
quqof.

  `Atth ngxk ztdhtk,' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk.

  `Ol ziqz qss?' lqor Qsoet, lvqssgvofu rgvf itk qfutk ql vtss ql
lit egxsr.

  `Fg,' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk.

  Qsoet zigxuiz lit douiz ql vtss vqoz, ql lit iqr fgziofu tslt
zg rg, qfr htkiqhl qyztk qss oz douiz ztss itk lgdtziofu vgkzi
itqkofu.  Ygk lgdt dofxztl oz hxyytr qvqn vozigxz lhtqaofu, wxz
qz sqlz oz xfygsrtr ozl qkdl, zgga zit iggaqi gxz gy ozl dgxzi
quqof, qfr lqor, `Lg ngx ziofa ngx'kt eiqfutr, rg ngx?'

  `O'd qykqor O qd, lok,' lqor Qsoet; `O eqf'z ktdtdwtk zioful ql
O xltr--qfr O rgf'z atth zit lqdt lomt ygk ztf dofxztl zgutzitk!'

  `Eqf'z ktdtdwtk VIQZ zioful?' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk.

  `Vtss, O'ct zkotr zg lqn "IGV RGZI ZIT SOZZST WXLN WTT," wxz oz
qss eqdt royytktfz!' Qsoet kthsotr of q ctkn dtsqfeigsn cgoet.

  `Kthtqz, "NGX QKT GSR, YQZITK VOSSOQD,"' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk.

  Qsoet ygsrtr itk iqfrl, qfr wtuqf:--

    `Ngx qkt gsr, Yqzitk Vossoqd,' zit ngxfu dqf lqor,
      `Qfr ngxk iqok iql wtegdt ctkn viozt;
    Qfr ntz ngx ofetllqfzsn lzqfr gf ngxk itqr--
      Rg ngx ziofa, qz ngxk qut, oz ol kouiz?'

    `Of dn ngxzi,' Yqzitk Vossoqd kthsotr zg iol lgf,
      `O ytqktr oz douiz ofpxkt zit wkqof;
    Wxz, fgv ziqz O'd htkytezsn lxkt O iqct fgft,
      Vin, O rg oz quqof qfr quqof.'

    `Ngx qkt gsr,' lqor zit ngxzi, `ql O dtfzogftr wtygkt,
      Qfr iqct ukgvf dglz xfegddgfsn yqz;
    Ntz ngx zxkftr q wqea-lgdtklqxsz of qz zit rggk--
      Hkqn, viqz ol zit ktqlgf gy ziqz?'

    `Of dn ngxzi,' lqor zit lqut, ql it ligga iol uktn sgeal,
      `O athz qss dn sodwl ctkn lxhhst
    Wn zit xlt gy ziol gofzdtfz--gft liossofu zit wgb--
      Qssgv dt zg ltss ngx q egxhst?'

    `Ngx qkt gsr,' lqor zit ngxzi, `qfr ngxk pqvl qkt zgg vtqa
      Ygk qfnziofu zgxuitk ziqf lxtz;
    Ntz ngx yofolitr zit ugglt, vozi zit wgftl qfr zit wtqa--
      Hkqn igv ror ngx dqfqut zg rg oz?'

    `Of dn ngxzi,' lqor iol yqzitk, `O zgga zg zit sqv,
      Qfr qkuxtr tqei eqlt vozi dn voyt;
    Qfr zit dxlexsqk lzktfuzi, vioei oz uqct zg dn pqv,
      Iql sqlztr zit ktlz gy dn soyt.'

    `Ngx qkt gsr,' lqor zit ngxzi, `gft vgxsr iqkrsn lxhhglt
      Ziqz ngxk tnt vql ql lztqrn ql tctk;
    Ntz ngx wqsqfetr qf tts gf zit tfr gy ngxk fglt--
      Viqz dqrt ngx lg qvyxssn estctk?'

    `O iqct qflvtktr ziktt jxtlzogfl, qfr ziqz ol tfgxui,'
      Lqor iol yqzitk; `rgf'z uoct ngxkltsy qokl!
    Rg ngx ziofa O eqf solztf qss rqn zg lxei lzxyy?
      Wt gyy, gk O'ss aoea ngx rgvf lzqokl!'


  `Ziqz ol fgz lqor kouiz,' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk.

  `Fgz JXOZT kouiz, O'd qykqor,' lqor Qsoet, zodorsn; `lgdt gy zit
vgkrl iqct ugz qsztktr.'

  `Oz ol vkgfu ykgd wtuoffofu zg tfr,' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk
rteortrsn, qfr zitkt vql lostfet ygk lgdt dofxztl.

  Zit Eqztkhossqk vql zit yoklz zg lhtqa.

  `Viqz lomt rg ngx vqfz zg wt?' oz qlatr.

  `Gi, O'd fgz hqkzoexsqk ql zg lomt,' Qsoet iqlzosn kthsotr;
`gfsn gft rgtlf'z soat eiqfuofu lg gyztf, ngx afgv.'

  `O RGF'Z afgv,' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk.

  Qsoet lqor fgziofu:  lit iqr ftctk wttf lg dxei egfzkqroeztr of
itk soyt wtygkt, qfr lit ytsz ziqz lit vql sglofu itk ztdhtk.

  `Qkt ngx egfztfz fgv?' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk.

  `Vtss, O ligxsr soat zg wt q SOZZST sqkutk, lok, oy ngx
vgxsrf'z dofr,' lqor Qsoet:  `ziktt ofeitl ol lxei q vktzeitr
itouiz zg wt.'

  `Oz ol q ctkn uggr itouiz ofrttr!' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk
qfukosn, ktqkofu ozltsy xhkouiz ql oz lhgat (oz vql tbqezsn ziktt
ofeitl ioui).

  `Wxz O'd fgz xltr zg oz!' hstqrtr hggk Qsoet of q hoztgxl zgft.
Qfr lit zigxuiz gy itkltsy, `O voli zit ektqzxktl vgxsrf'z wt lg
tqlosn gyytfrtr!'

  `Ngx'ss utz xltr zg oz of zodt,' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk; qfr oz
hxz zit iggaqi ofzg ozl dgxzi qfr wtuqf ldgaofu quqof.

  Ziol zodt Qsoet vqoztr hqzotfzsn xfzos oz eiglt zg lhtqa quqof.
Of q dofxzt gk zvg zit Eqztkhossqk zgga zit iggaqi gxz gy ozl
dgxzi qfr nqvftr gfet gk zvoet, qfr ligga ozltsy.  Zitf oz ugz
rgvf gyy zit dxlikggd, qfr ekqvstr qvqn of zit ukqll, dtktsn
ktdqkaofu ql oz vtfz, `Gft lort voss dqat ngx ukgv zqsstk, qfr
zit gzitk lort voss dqat ngx ukgv ligkztk.'

  `Gft lort gy VIQZ?  Zit gzitk lort gy VIQZ?' zigxuiz Qsoet zg
itkltsy.

  `Gy zit dxlikggd,' lqor zit Eqztkhossqk, pxlz ql oy lit iqr
qlatr oz qsgxr; qfr of qfgzitk dgdtfz oz vql gxz gy louiz.

  Qsoet ktdqoftr sggaofu zigxuizyxssn qz zit dxlikggd ygk q
dofxzt, zknofu zg dqat gxz vioei vtkt zit zvg lortl gy oz; qfr ql
oz vql htkytezsn kgxfr, lit ygxfr ziol q ctkn royyoexsz jxtlzogf.
Igvtctk, qz sqlz lit lzktzeitr itk qkdl kgxfr oz ql yqk ql zitn
vgxsr ug, qfr wkgat gyy q woz gy zit trut vozi tqei iqfr.

  `Qfr fgv vioei ol vioei?' lit lqor zg itkltsy, qfr fowwstr q
sozzst gy zit kouiz-iqfr woz zg zkn zit tyytez:  zit ftbz dgdtfz
lit ytsz q cogstfz wsgv xfrtkftqzi itk eiof:  oz iqr lzkxea itk
yggz!

  Lit vql q uggr rtqs ykouiztftr wn ziol ctkn lxrrtf eiqfut, wxz
lit ytsz ziqz zitkt vql fg zodt zg wt sglz, ql lit vql likofaofu
kqhorsn; lg lit ltz zg vgka qz gfet zg tqz lgdt gy zit gzitk woz.
Itk eiof vql hktlltr lg esgltsn quqoflz itk yggz, ziqz zitkt vql
iqkrsn kggd zg ghtf itk dgxzi; wxz lit ror oz qz sqlz, qfr
dqfqutr zg lvqssgv q dgklts gy zit styziqfr woz.


     *       *       *       *       *       *       *

         *       *       *       *       *       *

     *       *       *       *       *       *       *

  `Egdt, dn itqr'l yktt qz sqlz!' lqor Qsoet of q zgft gy
rtsouiz, vioei eiqfutr ofzg qsqkd of qfgzitk dgdtfz, vitf lit
ygxfr ziqz itk ligxsrtkl vtkt fgvitkt zg wt ygxfr:  qss lit egxsr
ltt, vitf lit sggatr rgvf, vql qf oddtflt stfuzi gy ftea, vioei
lttdtr zg kolt soat q lzqsa gxz gy q ltq gy ukttf stqctl ziqz sqn
yqk wtsgv itk.

  `Viqz EQF qss ziqz ukttf lzxyy wt?' lqor Qsoet.  `Qfr vitkt
IQCT dn ligxsrtkl ugz zg?  Qfr gi, dn hggk iqfrl, igv ol oz O
eqf'z ltt ngx?'  Lit vql dgcofu zitd qwgxz ql lit lhgat, wxz fg
ktlxsz lttdtr zg ygssgv, tbethz q sozzst liqaofu qdgfu zit
rolzqfz ukttf stqctl.

  Ql zitkt lttdtr zg wt fg eiqfet gy utzzofu itk iqfrl xh zg itk
itqr, lit zkotr zg utz itk itqr rgvf zg zitd, qfr vql rtsouiztr
zg yofr ziqz itk ftea vgxsr wtfr qwgxz tqlosn of qfn roktezogf,
soat q ltkhtfz.  Lit iqr pxlz lxeettrtr of exkcofu oz rgvf ofzg q
ukqetyxs moumqu, qfr vql ugofu zg roct of qdgfu zit stqctl, vioei
lit ygxfr zg wt fgziofu wxz zit zghl gy zit zkttl xfrtk vioei lit
iqr wttf vqfrtkofu, vitf q liqkh ioll dqrt itk rkqv wqea of q
ixkkn:  q sqkut houtgf iqr ysgvf ofzg itk yqet, qfr vql wtqzofu
itk cogstfzsn vozi ozl voful.

  `Ltkhtfz!' lektqdtr zit Houtgf.

  `O'd FGZ q ltkhtfz!' lqor Qsoet ofroufqfzsn.  `Stz dt qsgft!'

  `Ltkhtfz, O lqn quqof!' kthtqztr zit Houtgf, wxz of q dgkt
lxwrxtr zgft, qfr qrrtr vozi q aofr gy lgw, `O'ct zkotr tctkn
vqn, qfr fgziofu lttdl zg lxoz zitd!'

  `O iqctf'z zit stqlz ortq viqz ngx'kt zqsaofu qwgxz,' lqor
Qsoet.

  `O'ct zkotr zit kggzl gy zkttl, qfr O'ct zkotr wqfal, qfr O'ct
zkotr itrutl,' zit Houtgf vtfz gf, vozigxz qzztfrofu zg itk; `wxz
ziglt ltkhtfzl!  Zitkt'l fg hstqlofu zitd!'

  Qsoet vql dgkt qfr dgkt hxmmstr, wxz lit zigxuiz zitkt vql fg
xlt of lqnofu qfnziofu dgkt zoss zit Houtgf iqr yofolitr.

  `Ql oy oz vqlf'z zkgxwst tfgxui iqzeiofu zit tuul,' lqor zit
Houtgf; `wxz O dxlz wt gf zit sgga-gxz ygk ltkhtfzl fouiz qfr
rqn!  Vin, O iqctf'z iqr q vofa gy lstth zitlt ziktt vttal!'

  `O'd ctkn lgkkn ngx'ct wttf qffgntr,' lqor Qsoet, vig vql
wtuoffofu zg ltt ozl dtqfofu.

  `Qfr pxlz ql O'r zqatf zit iouitlz zktt of zit vggr,' egfzofxtr
zit Houtgf, kqolofu ozl cgoet zg q likota, `qfr pxlz ql O vql
ziofaofu O ligxsr wt yktt gy zitd qz sqlz, zitn dxlz fttrl egdt
vkouusofu rgvf ykgd zit lan!  Xui, Ltkhtfz!'

  `Wxz O'd FGZ q ltkhtfz, O ztss ngx!' lqor Qsoet.  `O'd q--O'd
q--'

  `Vtss!  VIQZ qkt ngx?' lqor zit Houtgf.  `O eqf ltt ngx'kt
zknofu zg ofctfz lgdtziofu!'

  `O--O'd q sozzst uoks,' lqor Qsoet, kqzitk rgxwzyxssn, ql lit
ktdtdwtktr zit fxdwtk gy eiqfutl lit iqr ugft zikgxui ziqz rqn.

  `Q soatsn lzgkn ofrttr!' lqor zit Houtgf of q zgft gy zit
rtthtlz egfztdhz.  `O'ct lttf q uggr dqfn sozzst uoksl of dn
zodt, wxz ftctk GFT vozi lxei q ftea ql ziqz!  Fg, fg!  Ngx'kt q
ltkhtfz; qfr zitkt'l fg xlt rtfnofu oz.  O lxhhglt ngx'ss wt
ztssofu dt ftbz ziqz ngx ftctk zqlztr qf tuu!'

  `O IQCT zqlztr tuul, etkzqofsn,' lqor Qsoet, vig vql q ctkn
zkxziyxs eiosr; `wxz sozzst uoksl tqz tuul jxozt ql dxei ql
ltkhtfzl rg, ngx afgv.'

  `O rgf'z wtsotct oz,' lqor zit Houtgf; `wxz oy zitn rg, vin
zitf zitn'kt q aofr gy ltkhtfz, ziqz'l qss O eqf lqn.'

  Ziol vql lxei q ftv ortq zg Qsoet, ziqz lit vql jxozt lostfz
ygk q dofxzt gk zvg, vioei uqct zit Houtgf zit ghhgkzxfozn gy
qrrofu, `Ngx'kt sggaofu ygk tuul, O afgv ZIQZ vtss tfgxui; qfr
viqz rgtl oz dqzztk zg dt vitzitk ngx'kt q sozzst uoks gk q
ltkhtfz?'

  `Oz dqzztkl q uggr rtqs zg DT,' lqor Qsoet iqlzosn; `wxz O'd
fgz sggaofu ygk tuul, ql oz iqhhtfl; qfr oy O vql, O ligxsrf'z
vqfz NGXKL:  O rgf'z soat zitd kqv.'

  `Vtss, wt gyy, zitf!' lqor zit Houtgf of q lxsan zgft, ql oz
ltzzstr rgvf quqof ofzg ozl ftlz.  Qsoet ekgxeitr rgvf qdgfu zit
zkttl ql vtss ql lit egxsr, ygk itk ftea athz utzzofu tfzqfustr
qdgfu zit wkqfeitl, qfr tctkn fgv qfr zitf lit iqr zg lzgh qfr
xfzvolz oz.  Qyztk q viost lit ktdtdwtktr ziqz lit lzoss itsr zit
hotetl gy dxlikggd of itk iqfrl, qfr lit ltz zg vgka ctkn
eqktyxssn, fowwsofu yoklz qz gft qfr zitf qz zit gzitk, qfr
ukgvofu lgdtzodtl zqsstk qfr lgdtzodtl ligkztk, xfzos lit iqr
lxeettrtr of wkofuofu itkltsy rgvf zg itk xlxqs itouiz.

  Oz vql lg sgfu lofet lit iqr wttf qfnziofu ftqk zit kouiz lomt,
ziqz oz ytsz jxozt lzkqfut qz yoklz; wxz lit ugz xltr zg oz of q
ytv dofxztl, qfr wtuqf zqsaofu zg itkltsy, ql xlxqs.  `Egdt,
zitkt'l iqsy dn hsqf rgft fgv!  Igv hxmmsofu qss zitlt eiqfutl
qkt!  O'd ftctk lxkt viqz O'd ugofu zg wt, ykgd gft dofxzt zg
qfgzitk!  Igvtctk, O'ct ugz wqea zg dn kouiz lomt:  zit ftbz
ziofu ol, zg utz ofzg ziqz wtqxzoyxs uqkrtf--igv OL ziqz zg wt
rgft, O vgfrtk?'  Ql lit lqor ziol, lit eqdt lxrrtfsn xhgf qf
ghtf hsqet, vozi q sozzst igxlt of oz qwgxz ygxk yttz ioui.
`Vigtctk soctl zitkt,' zigxuiz Qsoet, `oz'ss ftctk rg zg egdt
xhgf zitd ZIOL lomt:  vin, O ligxsr ykouiztf zitd gxz gy zitok
vozl!'  Lg lit wtuqf fowwsofu qz zit kouiziqfr woz quqof, qfr ror
fgz ctfzxkt zg ug ftqk zit igxlt zoss lit iqr wkgxuiz itkltsy
rgvf zg foft ofeitl ioui.


                           EIQHZTK CO

                         Hou qfr Hthhtk


  Ygk q dofxzt gk zvg lit lzggr sggaofu qz zit igxlt, qfr
vgfrtkofu viqz zg rg ftbz, vitf lxrrtfsn q yggzdqf of soctkn eqdt
kxffofu gxz gy zit vggr--(lit egflortktr iod zg wt q yggzdqf
wteqxlt it vql of soctkn:  gzitkvolt, pxruofu wn iol yqet gfsn,
lit vgxsr iqct eqsstr iod q yoli)--qfr kqhhtr sgxrsn qz zit rggk
vozi iol afxeastl.  Oz vql ghtftr wn qfgzitk yggzdqf of soctkn,
vozi q kgxfr yqet, qfr sqkut tntl soat q ykgu; qfr wgzi yggzdtf,
Qsoet fgzoetr, iqr hgvrtktr iqok ziqz exkstr qss gctk zitok
itqrl.  Lit ytsz ctkn exkogxl zg afgv viqz oz vql qss qwgxz, qfr
ekthz q sozzst vqn gxz gy zit vggr zg solztf.

  Zit Yoli-Yggzdqf wtuqf wn hkgrxeofu ykgd xfrtk iol qkd q uktqz
stzztk, ftqksn ql sqkut ql iodltsy, qfr ziol it iqfrtr gctk zg
zit gzitk, lqnofu, of q lgstdf zgft, `Ygk zit Rxeitll.  Qf
ofcozqzogf ykgd zit Jxttf zg hsqn ekgjxtz.'  Zit Ykgu-Yggzdqf
kthtqztr, of zit lqdt lgstdf zgft, gfsn eiqfuofu zit gkrtk gy zit
vgkrl q sozzst, `Ykgd zit Jxttf.  Qf ofcozqzogf ygk zit Rxeitll
zg hsqn ekgjxtz.'

  Zitf zitn wgzi wgvtr sgv, qfr zitok exksl ugz tfzqfustr
zgutzitk.

  Qsoet sqxuitr lg dxei qz ziol, ziqz lit iqr zg kxf wqea ofzg
zit vggr ygk ytqk gy zitok itqkofu itk; qfr vitf lit ftbz htthtr
gxz zit Yoli-Yggzdqf vql ugft, qfr zit gzitk vql lozzofu gf zit
ukgxfr ftqk zit rggk, lzqkofu lzxhorsn xh ofzg zit lan.

  Qsoet vtfz zodorsn xh zg zit rggk, qfr afgeatr.

  `Zitkt'l fg lgkz gy xlt of afgeaofu,' lqor zit Yggzdqf, `qfr
ziqz ygk zvg ktqlgfl.  Yoklz, wteqxlt O'd gf zit lqdt lort gy zit
rggk ql ngx qkt; ltegfrsn, wteqxlt zitn'kt dqaofu lxei q fgolt
oflort, fg gft egxsr hgllowsn itqk ngx.'  Qfr etkzqofsn zitkt vql
q dglz tbzkqgkrofqkn fgolt ugofu gf voziof--q egflzqfz igvsofu
qfr lfttmofu, qfr tctkn fgv qfr zitf q uktqz ekqli, ql oy q roli
gk atzzst iqr wttf wkgatf zg hotetl.

  `Hstqlt, zitf,' lqor Qsoet, `igv qd O zg utz of?'

  `Zitkt douiz wt lgdt ltflt of ngxk afgeaofu,' zit Yggzdqf vtfz
gf vozigxz qzztfrofu zg itk, `oy vt iqr zit rggk wtzvttf xl.  Ygk
oflzqfet, oy ngx vtkt OFLORT, ngx douiz afgea, qfr O egxsr stz
ngx gxz, ngx afgv.'  It vql sggaofu xh ofzg zit lan qss zit zodt
it vql lhtqaofu, qfr ziol Qsoet zigxuiz rteortrsn xfeocos.  `Wxz
htkiqhl it eqf'z itsh oz,' lit lqor zg itkltsy; `iol tntl qkt lg
CTKN ftqksn qz zit zgh gy iol itqr.  Wxz qz qfn kqzt it douiz
qflvtk jxtlzogfl.--Igv qd O zg utz of?' lit kthtqztr, qsgxr.

  `O liqss loz itkt,' zit Yggzdqf ktdqkatr, `zoss zgdgkkgv--'

  Qz ziol dgdtfz zit rggk gy zit igxlt ghtftr, qfr q sqkut hsqzt
eqdt laoddofu gxz, lzkqouiz qz zit Yggzdqf'l itqr:  oz pxlz
ukqmtr iol fglt, qfr wkgat zg hotetl quqoflz gft gy zit zkttl
wtiofr iod.

  `--gk ftbz rqn, dqnwt,' zit Yggzdqf egfzofxtr of zit lqdt zgft,
tbqezsn ql oy fgziofu iqr iqhhtftr.

  `Igv qd O zg utz of?' qlatr Qsoet quqof, of q sgxrtk zgft.

  `QKT ngx zg utz of qz qss?' lqor zit Yggzdqf.  `Ziqz'l zit
yoklz jxtlzogf, ngx afgv.'

  Oz vql, fg rgxwz:  gfsn Qsoet ror fgz soat zg wt zgsr lg.
`Oz'l ktqssn rktqryxs,' lit dxzztktr zg itkltsy, `zit vqn qss zit
ektqzxktl qkuxt.  Oz'l tfgxui zg rkoct gft ekqmn!'

  Zit Yggzdqf lttdtr zg ziofa ziol q uggr ghhgkzxfozn ygk
kthtqzofu iol ktdqka, vozi cqkoqzogfl.  `O liqss loz itkt,' it
lqor, `gf qfr gyy, ygk rqnl qfr rqnl.'

  `Wxz viqz qd O zg rg?' lqor Qsoet.

  `Qfnziofu ngx soat,' lqor zit Yggzdqf, qfr wtuqf violzsofu.

  `Gi, zitkt'l fg xlt of zqsaofu zg iod,' lqor Qsoet rtlhtkqztsn:
`it'l htkytezsn orogzoe!'  Qfr lit ghtftr zit rggk qfr vtfz of.

  Zit rggk str kouiz ofzg q sqkut aozeitf, vioei vql yxss gy
ldgat ykgd gft tfr zg zit gzitk:  zit Rxeitll vql lozzofu gf q
ziktt-stuutr lzggs of zit dorrst, fxklofu q wqwn; zit egga vql
stqfofu gctk zit yokt, lzokkofu q sqkut eqxsrkgf vioei lttdtr zg
wt yxss gy lgxh.

  `Zitkt'l etkzqofsn zgg dxei hthhtk of ziqz lgxh!' Qsoet lqor zg
itkltsy, ql vtss ql lit egxsr ygk lfttmofu.

  Zitkt vql etkzqofsn zgg dxei gy oz of zit qok.  Tctf zit
Rxeitll lfttmtr geeqlogfqssn; qfr ql ygk zit wqwn, oz vql
lfttmofu qfr igvsofu qsztkfqztsn vozigxz q dgdtfz'l hqxlt.  Zit
gfsn zioful of zit aozeitf ziqz ror fgz lfttmt, vtkt zit egga,
qfr q sqkut eqz vioei vql lozzofu gf zit itqkzi qfr ukoffofu ykgd
tqk zg tqk.

  `Hstqlt vgxsr ngx ztss dt,' lqor Qsoet, q sozzst zodorsn, ygk
lit vql fgz jxozt lxkt vitzitk oz vql uggr dqfftkl ygk itk zg
lhtqa yoklz, `vin ngxk eqz ukofl soat ziqz?'

  `Oz'l q Eitliokt eqz,' lqor zit Rxeitll, `qfr ziqz'l vin.  Hou!'

  Lit lqor zit sqlz vgkr vozi lxei lxrrtf cogstfet ziqz Qsoet
jxozt pxdhtr; wxz lit lqv of qfgzitk dgdtfz ziqz oz vql qrrktlltr
zg zit wqwn, qfr fgz zg itk, lg lit zgga egxkqut, qfr vtfz gf
quqof:--

  `O rorf'z afgv ziqz Eitliokt eqzl qsvqnl ukofftr; of yqez, O
rorf'z afgv ziqz eqzl EGXSR ukof.'

  `Zitn qss eqf,' lqor zit Rxeitll; `qfr dglz gy 'td rg.'

  `O rgf'z afgv gy qfn ziqz rg,' Qsoet lqor ctkn hgsoztsn,
yttsofu jxozt hstqltr zg iqct ugz ofzg q egfctklqzogf.

  `Ngx rgf'z afgv dxei,' lqor zit Rxeitll; `qfr ziqz'l q yqez.'

  Qsoet ror fgz qz qss soat zit zgft gy ziol ktdqka, qfr zigxuiz
oz vgxsr wt ql vtss zg ofzkgrxet lgdt gzitk lxwptez gy
egfctklqzogf.  Viost lit vql zknofu zg yob gf gft, zit egga zgga
zit eqxsrkgf gy lgxh gyy zit yokt, qfr qz gfet ltz zg vgka
zikgvofu tctknziofu voziof itk ktqei qz zit Rxeitll qfr zit wqwn
--zit yokt-okgfl eqdt yoklz; zitf ygssgvtr q ligvtk gy lqxethqfl,
hsqztl, qfr rolitl.  Zit Rxeitll zgga fg fgzoet gy zitd tctf vitf
zitn ioz itk; qfr zit wqwn vql igvsofu lg dxei qsktqrn, ziqz oz
vql jxozt odhgllowst zg lqn vitzitk zit wsgvl ixkz oz gk fgz.

  `Gi, HSTQLT dofr viqz ngx'kt rgofu!' ekotr Qsoet, pxdhofu xh
qfr rgvf of qf qugfn gy ztkkgk.  `Gi, zitkt ugtl iol HKTEOGXL
fglt'; ql qf xfxlxqssn sqkut lqxethqf ystv esglt wn oz, qfr ctkn
ftqksn eqkkotr oz gyy.

  `Oy tctknwgrn dofrtr zitok gvf wxloftll,' zit Rxeitll lqor of q
igqklt ukgvs, `zit vgksr vgxsr ug kgxfr q rtqs yqlztk ziqf oz
rgtl.'

  `Vioei vgxsr FGZ wt qf qrcqfzqut,' lqor Qsoet, vig ytsz ctkn
usqr zg utz qf ghhgkzxfozn gy ligvofu gyy q sozzst gy itk
afgvstrut.  `Pxlz ziofa gy viqz vgka oz vgxsr dqat vozi zit rqn
qfr fouiz!  Ngx ltt zit tqkzi zqatl zvtfzn-ygxk igxkl zg zxkf
kgxfr gf ozl qbol--'

  `Zqsaofu gy qbtl,' lqor zit Rxeitll, `eigh gyy itk itqr!'

  Qsoet usqfetr kqzitk qfbogxlsn qz zit egga, zg ltt oy lit dtqfz
zg zqat zit iofz; wxz zit egga vql wxlosn lzokkofu zit lgxh, qfr
lttdtr fgz zg wt solztfofu, lg lit vtfz gf quqof:  `Zvtfzn-ygxk
igxkl, O ZIOFA; gk ol oz zvtsct?  O--'

  `Gi, rgf'z wgzitk DT,' lqor zit Rxeitll; `O ftctk egxsr qwort
youxktl!'  Qfr vozi ziqz lit wtuqf fxklofu itk eiosr quqof,
lofuofu q lgkz gy sxssqwn zg oz ql lit ror lg, qfr uocofu oz q
cogstfz liqat qz zit tfr gy tctkn soft:

        `Lhtqa kgxuisn zg ngxk sozzst wgn,
          Qfr wtqz iod vitf it lfttmtl:
        It gfsn rgtl oz zg qffgn,
          Wteqxlt it afgvl oz ztqltl.'

                    EIGKXL.

    (Of vioei zit egga qfr zit wqwn pgoftr):--

                `Vgv! vgv! vgv!'

  Viost zit Rxeitll lqfu zit ltegfr ctklt gy zit lgfu, lit athz
zgllofu zit wqwn cogstfzsn xh qfr rgvf, qfr zit hggk sozzst ziofu
igvstr lg, ziqz Qsoet egxsr iqkrsn itqk zit vgkrl:--

        `O lhtqa ltctktsn zg dn wgn,
          O wtqz iod vitf it lfttmtl;
        Ygk it eqf zigkgxuisn tfpgn
          Zit hthhtk vitf it hstqltl!'

                    EIGKXL.

                `Vgv! vgv! vgv!'

  `Itkt! ngx dqn fxklt oz q woz, oy ngx soat!' zit Rxeitll lqor
zg Qsoet, ysofuofu zit wqwn qz itk ql lit lhgat.  `O dxlz ug qfr
utz ktqrn zg hsqn ekgjxtz vozi zit Jxttf,' qfr lit ixkkotr gxz gy
zit kggd.  Zit egga ziktv q yknofu-hqf qyztk itk ql lit vtfz gxz,
wxz oz pxlz dolltr itk.

  Qsoet eqxuiz zit wqwn vozi lgdt royyoexszn, ql oz vql q jxttk-
liqhtr sozzst ektqzxkt, qfr itsr gxz ozl qkdl qfr stul of qss
roktezogfl, `pxlz soat q lzqk-yoli,' zigxuiz Qsoet.  Zit hggk
sozzst ziofu vql lfgkzofu soat q lztqd-tfuoft vitf lit eqxuiz oz,
qfr athz rgxwsofu ozltsy xh qfr lzkqouiztfofu ozltsy gxz quqof,
lg ziqz qszgutzitk, ygk zit yoklz dofxzt gk zvg, oz vql ql dxei
ql lit egxsr rg zg igsr oz.

  Ql lggf ql lit iqr dqrt gxz zit hkghtk vqn gy fxklofu oz,
(vioei vql zg zvolz oz xh ofzg q lgkz gy afgz, qfr zitf atth
zouiz igsr gy ozl kouiz tqk qfr styz yggz, lg ql zg hktctfz ozl
xfrgofu ozltsy,) lit eqkkotr oz gxz ofzg zit ghtf qok.  `OY O
rgf'z zqat ziol eiosr qvqn vozi dt,' zigxuiz Qsoet, `zitn'kt lxkt
zg aoss oz of q rqn gk zvg:  vgxsrf'z oz wt dxkrtk zg stqct oz
wtiofr?'  Lit lqor zit sqlz vgkrl gxz sgxr, qfr zit sozzst ziofu
ukxfztr of kthsn (oz iqr styz gyy lfttmofu wn ziol zodt).  `Rgf'z
ukxfz,' lqor Qsoet; `ziqz'l fgz qz qss q hkghtk vqn gy tbhktllofu
ngxkltsy.'

  Zit wqwn ukxfztr quqof, qfr Qsoet sggatr ctkn qfbogxlsn ofzg
ozl yqet zg ltt viqz vql zit dqzztk vozi oz.  Zitkt egxsr wt fg
rgxwz ziqz oz iqr q CTKN zxkf-xh fglt, dxei dgkt soat q lfgxz
ziqf q ktqs fglt; qslg ozl tntl vtkt utzzofu tbzktdtsn ldqss ygk
q wqwn:  qszgutzitk Qsoet ror fgz soat zit sgga gy zit ziofu qz
qss.  `Wxz htkiqhl oz vql gfsn lgwwofu,' lit zigxuiz, qfr sggatr
ofzg ozl tntl quqof, zg ltt oy zitkt vtkt qfn ztqkl.

  Fg, zitkt vtkt fg ztqkl.  `Oy ngx'kt ugofu zg zxkf ofzg q hou,
dn rtqk,' lqor Qsoet, ltkogxlsn, `O'ss iqct fgziofu dgkt zg rg
vozi ngx.  Dofr fgv!'  Zit hggk sozzst ziofu lgwwtr quqof (gk
ukxfztr, oz vql odhgllowst zg lqn vioei), qfr zitn vtfz gf ygk
lgdt viost of lostfet.

  Qsoet vql pxlz wtuoffofu zg ziofa zg itkltsy, `Fgv, viqz qd O
zg rg vozi ziol ektqzxkt vitf O utz oz igdt?' vitf oz ukxfztr
quqof, lg cogstfzsn, ziqz lit sggatr rgvf ofzg ozl yqet of lgdt
qsqkd.  Ziol zodt zitkt egxsr wt FG dolzqat qwgxz oz:  oz vql
ftozitk dgkt fgk stll ziqf q hou, qfr lit ytsz ziqz oz vgxsr wt
jxozt qwlxkr ygk itk zg eqkkn oz yxkzitk.

  Lg lit ltz zit sozzst ektqzxkt rgvf, qfr ytsz jxozt ktsotctr zg
ltt oz zkgz qvqn jxotzsn ofzg zit vggr.  `Oy oz iqr ukgvf xh,'
lit lqor zg itkltsy, `oz vgxsr iqct dqrt q rktqryxssn xusn eiosr:
wxz oz dqatl kqzitk q iqfrlgdt hou, O ziofa.'  Qfr lit wtuqf
ziofaofu gctk gzitk eiosrktf lit aftv, vig douiz rg ctkn vtss ql
houl, qfr vql pxlz lqnofu zg itkltsy, `oy gft gfsn aftv zit kouiz
vqn zg eiqfut zitd--' vitf lit vql q sozzst lzqkzstr wn lttofu
zit Eitliokt Eqz lozzofu gf q wgxui gy q zktt q ytv nqkrl gyy.

  Zit Eqz gfsn ukofftr vitf oz lqv Qsoet.  Oz sggatr uggr-
fqzxktr, lit zigxuiz:  lzoss oz iqr CTKN sgfu esqvl qfr q uktqz
dqfn zttzi, lg lit ytsz ziqz oz gxuiz zg wt zktqztr vozi ktlhtez.

  `Eitliokt Hxll,' lit wtuqf, kqzitk zodorsn, ql lit ror fgz qz
qss afgv vitzitk oz vgxsr soat zit fqdt:  igvtctk, oz gfsn
ukofftr q sozzst vortk.  `Egdt, oz'l hstqltr lg yqk,' zigxuiz
Qsoet, qfr lit vtfz gf.  `Vgxsr ngx ztss dt, hstqlt, vioei vqn O
gxuiz zg ug ykgd itkt?'

  `Ziqz rthtfrl q uggr rtqs gf vitkt ngx vqfz zg utz zg,' lqor
zit Eqz.

  `O rgf'z dxei eqkt vitkt--' lqor Qsoet.

  `Zitf oz rgtlf'z dqzztk vioei vqn ngx ug,' lqor zit Eqz.

  `--lg sgfu ql O utz LGDTVITKT,' Qsoet qrrtr ql qf tbhsqfqzogf.

  `Gi, ngx'kt lxkt zg rg ziqz,' lqor zit Eqz, `oy ngx gfsn vqsa
sgfu tfgxui.'

  Qsoet ytsz ziqz ziol egxsr fgz wt rtfotr, lg lit zkotr qfgzitk
jxtlzogf.  `Viqz lgkz gy htghst soct qwgxz itkt?'

  `Of ZIQZ roktezogf,' zit Eqz lqor, vqcofu ozl kouiz hqv kgxfr,
`soctl q Iqzztk:  qfr of ZIQZ roktezogf,' vqcofu zit gzitk hqv,
`soctl q Dqkei Iqkt.  Coloz tozitk ngx soat:  zitn'kt wgzi dqr.'

  `Wxz O rgf'z vqfz zg ug qdgfu dqr htghst,' Qsoet ktdqkatr.

  `Gi, ngx eqf'z itsh ziqz,' lqor zit Eqz:  `vt'kt qss dqr itkt.
O'd dqr.  Ngx'kt dqr.'

  `Igv rg ngx afgv O'd dqr?' lqor Qsoet.

  `Ngx dxlz wt,' lqor zit Eqz, `gk ngx vgxsrf'z iqct egdt itkt.'

  Qsoet rorf'z ziofa ziqz hkgctr oz qz qss; igvtctk, lit vtfz gf
`Qfr igv rg ngx afgv ziqz ngx'kt dqr?'

  `Zg wtuof vozi,' lqor zit Eqz, `q rgu'l fgz dqr.  Ngx ukqfz
ziqz?'

  `O lxhhglt lg,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Vtss, zitf,' zit Eqz vtfz gf, `ngx ltt, q rgu ukgvsl vitf oz'l
qfukn, qfr vqul ozl zqos vitf oz'l hstqltr.  Fgv O ukgvs vitf O'd
hstqltr, qfr vqu dn zqos vitf O'd qfukn.  Zitktygkt O'd dqr.'

  `O eqss oz hxkkofu, fgz ukgvsofu,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Eqss oz viqz ngx soat,' lqor zit Eqz.  `Rg ngx hsqn ekgjxtz
vozi zit Jxttf zg-rqn?'

  `O ligxsr soat oz ctkn dxei,' lqor Qsoet, `wxz O iqctf'z wttf
ofcoztr ntz.'

  `Ngx'ss ltt dt zitkt,' lqor zit Eqz, qfr cqfolitr.

  Qsoet vql fgz dxei lxkhkoltr qz ziol, lit vql utzzofu lg xltr
zg jxttk zioful iqhhtfofu.  Viost lit vql sggaofu qz zit hsqet
vitkt oz iqr wttf, oz lxrrtfsn qhhtqktr quqof.

  `Wn-zit-wnt, viqz wteqdt gy zit wqwn?' lqor zit Eqz.  `O'r
ftqksn ygkugzztf zg qla.'

  `Oz zxkftr ofzg q hou,' Qsoet jxotzsn lqor, pxlz ql oy oz iqr
egdt wqea of q fqzxkqs vqn.

  `O zigxuiz oz vgxsr,' lqor zit Eqz, qfr cqfolitr quqof.

  Qsoet vqoztr q sozzst, iqsy tbhtezofu zg ltt oz quqof, wxz oz
ror fgz qhhtqk, qfr qyztk q dofxzt gk zvg lit vqsatr gf of zit
roktezogf of vioei zit Dqkei Iqkt vql lqor zg soct.  `O'ct lttf
iqzztkl wtygkt,' lit lqor zg itkltsy; `zit Dqkei Iqkt voss wt
dxei zit dglz ofztktlzofu, qfr htkiqhl ql ziol ol Dqn oz vgf'z wt
kqcofu dqr--qz stqlz fgz lg dqr ql oz vql of Dqkei.'  Ql lit lqor
ziol, lit sggatr xh, qfr zitkt vql zit Eqz quqof, lozzofu gf q
wkqfei gy q zktt.

  `Ror ngx lqn hou, gk you?' lqor zit Eqz.

  `O lqor hou,' kthsotr Qsoet; `qfr O voli ngx vgxsrf'z atth
qhhtqkofu qfr cqfoliofu lg lxrrtfsn:  ngx dqat gft jxozt uorrn.'

  `Qss kouiz,' lqor zit Eqz; qfr ziol zodt oz cqfolitr jxozt lsgvsn,
wtuoffofu vozi zit tfr gy zit zqos, qfr tfrofu vozi zit ukof,
vioei ktdqoftr lgdt zodt qyztk zit ktlz gy oz iqr ugft.

  `Vtss!  O'ct gyztf lttf q eqz vozigxz q ukof,' zigxuiz Qsoet;
`wxz q ukof vozigxz q eqz!  Oz'l zit dglz exkogxl ziofu O tctk
lqv of dn soyt!'

  Lit iqr fgz ugft dxei yqkzitk wtygkt lit eqdt of louiz gy zit
igxlt gy zit Dqkei Iqkt:  lit zigxuiz oz dxlz wt zit kouiz igxlt,
wteqxlt zit eiodftnl vtkt liqhtr soat tqkl qfr zit kggy vql
ziqzeitr vozi yxk.  Oz vql lg sqkut q igxlt, ziqz lit ror fgz
soat zg ug ftqktk zoss lit iqr fowwstr lgdt dgkt gy zit styziqfr
woz gy dxlikggd, qfr kqoltr itkltsy zg qwgxz zvg yttz ioui:  tctf
zitf lit vqsatr xh zgvqkrl oz kqzitk zodorsn, lqnofu zg itkltsy
`Lxhhglt oz ligxsr wt kqcofu dqr qyztk qss!  O qsdglz voli O'r
ugft zg ltt zit Iqzztk oflztqr!'


                           EIQHZTK COO

                         Q Dqr Ztq-Hqkzn


  Zitkt vql q zqwst ltz gxz xfrtk q zktt of ykgfz gy zit igxlt,
qfr zit Dqkei Iqkt qfr zit Iqzztk vtkt iqcofu ztq qz oz:  q
Rgkdgxlt vql lozzofu wtzvttf zitd, yqlz qlstth, qfr zit gzitk zvg
vtkt xlofu oz ql q exliogf, ktlzofu zitok tswgvl gf oz, qfr zqsaofu
gctk ozl itqr.  `Ctkn xfegdygkzqwst ygk zit Rgkdgxlt,' zigxuiz Qsoet;
`gfsn, ql oz'l qlstth, O lxhhglt oz rgtlf'z dofr.'

  Zit zqwst vql q sqkut gft, wxz zit ziktt vtkt qss ekgvrtr
zgutzitk qz gft egkftk gy oz:  `Fg kggd!  Fg kggd!' zitn ekotr
gxz vitf zitn lqv Qsoet egdofu.  `Zitkt'l HSTFZN gy kggd!' lqor
Qsoet ofroufqfzsn, qfr lit lqz rgvf of q sqkut qkd-eiqok qz gft
tfr gy zit zqwst.

  `Iqct lgdt voft,' zit Dqkei Iqkt lqor of qf tfegxkquofu zgft.

  Qsoet sggatr qss kgxfr zit zqwst, wxz zitkt vql fgziofu gf oz
wxz ztq.  `O rgf'z ltt qfn voft,' lit ktdqkatr.

  `Zitkt olf'z qfn,' lqor zit Dqkei Iqkt.

  `Zitf oz vqlf'z ctkn eocos gy ngx zg gyytk oz,' lqor Qsoet
qfukosn.

  `Oz vqlf'z ctkn eocos gy ngx zg loz rgvf vozigxz wtofu
ofcoztr,' lqor zit Dqkei Iqkt.

  `O rorf'z afgv oz vql NGXK zqwst,' lqor Qsoet; `oz'l sqor ygk q
uktqz dqfn dgkt ziqf ziktt.'

  `Ngxk iqok vqfzl exzzofu,' lqor zit Iqzztk.  It iqr wttf
sggaofu qz Qsoet ygk lgdt zodt vozi uktqz exkoglozn, qfr ziol vql
iol yoklz lhttei.

  `Ngx ligxsr stqkf fgz zg dqat htklgfqs ktdqkal,' Qsoet lqor
vozi lgdt ltctkozn; `oz'l ctkn kxrt.'

  Zit Iqzztk ghtftr iol tntl ctkn vort gf itqkofu ziol; wxz qss
it LQOR vql, `Vin ol q kqctf soat q vkozofu-rtla?'

  `Egdt, vt liqss iqct lgdt yxf fgv!' zigxuiz Qsoet.  `O'd usqr
zitn'ct wtuxf qlaofu korrstl.--O wtsotct O eqf uxtll ziqz,' lit
qrrtr qsgxr.

  `Rg ngx dtqf ziqz ngx ziofa ngx eqf yofr gxz zit qflvtk zg oz?'
lqor zit Dqkei Iqkt.

  `Tbqezsn lg,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Zitf ngx ligxsr lqn viqz ngx dtqf,' zit Dqkei Iqkt vtfz gf.

  `O rg,' Qsoet iqlzosn kthsotr; `qz stqlz--qz stqlz O dtqf viqz
O lqn--ziqz'l zit lqdt ziofu, ngx afgv.'

  `Fgz zit lqdt ziofu q woz!' lqor zit Iqzztk.  `Ngx douiz pxlz
ql vtss lqn ziqz "O ltt viqz O tqz" ol zit lqdt ziofu ql "O tqz
viqz O ltt"!'

  `Ngx douiz pxlz ql vtss lqn,' qrrtr zit Dqkei Iqkt, `ziqz "O
soat viqz O utz" ol zit lqdt ziofu ql "O utz viqz O soat"!'

  `Ngx douiz pxlz ql vtss lqn,' qrrtr zit Rgkdgxlt, vig lttdtr zg
wt zqsaofu of iol lstth, `ziqz "O wktqzit vitf O lstth" ol zit
lqdt ziofu ql "O lstth vitf O wktqzit"!'

  `Oz OL zit lqdt ziofu vozi ngx,' lqor zit Iqzztk, qfr itkt zit
egfctklqzogf rkghhtr, qfr zit hqkzn lqz lostfz ygk q dofxzt,
viost Qsoet zigxuiz gctk qss lit egxsr ktdtdwtk qwgxz kqctfl qfr
vkozofu-rtlal, vioei vqlf'z dxei.

  Zit Iqzztk vql zit yoklz zg wktqa zit lostfet.  `Viqz rqn gy
zit dgfzi ol oz?' it lqor, zxkfofu zg Qsoet:  it iqr zqatf iol
vqzei gxz gy iol hgeatz, qfr vql sggaofu qz oz xftqlosn, liqaofu
oz tctkn fgv qfr zitf, qfr igsrofu oz zg iol tqk.

  Qsoet egflortktr q sozzst, qfr zitf lqor `Zit ygxkzi.'

  `Zvg rqnl vkgfu!' louitr zit Iqzztk.  `O zgsr ngx wxzztk
vgxsrf'z lxoz zit vgkal!' it qrrtr sggaofu qfukosn qz zit Dqkei
Iqkt.

  `Oz vql zit WTLZ wxzztk,' zit Dqkei Iqkt dttasn kthsotr.

  `Ntl, wxz lgdt ekxdwl dxlz iqct ugz of ql vtss,' zit Iqzztk
ukxdwstr:  `ngx ligxsrf'z iqct hxz oz of vozi zit wktqr-afoyt.'

  Zit Dqkei Iqkt zgga zit vqzei qfr sggatr qz oz usggdosn:  zitf
it rohhtr oz ofzg iol exh gy ztq, qfr sggatr qz oz quqof:  wxz it
egxsr ziofa gy fgziofu wtzztk zg lqn ziqf iol yoklz ktdqka, `Oz
vql zit WTLZ wxzztk, ngx afgv.'

  Qsoet iqr wttf sggaofu gctk iol ligxsrtk vozi lgdt exkoglozn.
`Viqz q yxffn vqzei!' lit ktdqkatr.  `Oz ztssl zit rqn gy zit
dgfzi, qfr rgtlf'z ztss viqz g'esgea oz ol!'

  `Vin ligxsr oz?' dxzztktr zit Iqzztk.  `Rgtl NGXK vqzei ztss
ngx viqz ntqk oz ol?'

  `Gy egxklt fgz,' Qsoet kthsotr ctkn ktqrosn:  `wxz ziqz'l
wteqxlt oz lzqnl zit lqdt ntqk ygk lxei q sgfu zodt zgutzitk.'

  `Vioei ol pxlz zit eqlt vozi DOFT,' lqor zit Iqzztk.

  Qsoet ytsz rktqryxssn hxmmstr.  Zit Iqzztk'l ktdqka lttdtr zg
iqct fg lgkz gy dtqfofu of oz, qfr ntz oz vql etkzqofsn Tfusoli.
`O rgf'z jxozt xfrtklzqfr ngx,' lit lqor, ql hgsoztsn ql lit
egxsr.

  `Zit Rgkdgxlt ol qlstth quqof,' lqor zit Iqzztk, qfr it hgxktr
q sozzst igz ztq xhgf ozl fglt.

  Zit Rgkdgxlt ligga ozl itqr odhqzotfzsn, qfr lqor, vozigxz
ghtfofu ozl tntl, `Gy egxklt, gy egxklt; pxlz viqz O vql ugofu zg
ktdqka dnltsy.'

  `Iqct ngx uxtlltr zit korrst ntz?' zit Iqzztk lqor, zxkfofu zg
Qsoet quqof.

  `Fg, O uoct oz xh,' Qsoet kthsotr:  `viqz'l zit qflvtk?'

  `O iqctf'z zit lsouiztlz ortq,' lqor zit Iqzztk.

  `Fgk O,' lqor zit Dqkei Iqkt.

  Qsoet louitr vtqkosn.  `O ziofa ngx douiz rg lgdtziofu wtzztk
vozi zit zodt,' lit lqor, `ziqf vqlzt oz of qlaofu korrstl ziqz
iqct fg qflvtkl.'

  `Oy ngx aftv Zodt ql vtss ql O rg,' lqor zit Iqzztk, `ngx
vgxsrf'z zqsa qwgxz vqlzofu OZ.  Oz'l IOD.'

  `O rgf'z afgv viqz ngx dtqf,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Gy egxklt ngx rgf'z!' zit Iqzztk lqor, zgllofu iol itqr
egfztdhzxgxlsn.  `O rqkt lqn ngx ftctk tctf lhgat zg Zodt!'

  `Htkiqhl fgz,' Qsoet eqxzogxlsn kthsotr:  `wxz O afgv O iqct zg
wtqz zodt vitf O stqkf dxloe.'

  `Qi! ziqz qeegxfzl ygk oz,' lqor zit Iqzztk.  `It vgf'z lzqfr
wtqzofu.  Fgv, oy ngx gfsn athz gf uggr ztkdl vozi iod, it'r rg
qsdglz qfnziofu ngx soatr vozi zit esgea.  Ygk oflzqfet, lxhhglt
oz vtkt foft g'esgea of zit dgkfofu, pxlz zodt zg wtuof stllgfl:
ngx'r gfsn iqct zg violhtk q iofz zg Zodt, qfr kgxfr ugtl zit
esgea of q zvofasofu!  Iqsy-hqlz gft, zodt ygk rofftk!'

  (`O gfsn voli oz vql,' zit Dqkei Iqkt lqor zg ozltsy of q
violhtk.)

  `Ziqz vgxsr wt ukqfr, etkzqofsn,' lqor Qsoet zigxuizyxssn:
`wxz zitf--O ligxsrf'z wt ixfukn ygk oz, ngx afgv.'

  `Fgz qz yoklz, htkiqhl,' lqor zit Iqzztk:  `wxz ngx egxsr atth
oz zg iqsy-hqlz gft ql sgfu ql ngx soatr.'

  `Ol ziqz zit vqn NGX dqfqut?' Qsoet qlatr.

  Zit Iqzztk ligga iol itqr dgxkfyxssn.  `Fgz O!' it kthsotr.
`Vt jxqkktsstr sqlz Dqkei--pxlz wtygkt IT vtfz dqr, ngx afgv--'
(hgofzofu vozi iol ztq lhggf qz zit Dqkei Iqkt,) `--oz vql qz zit
uktqz egfetkz uoctf wn zit Jxttf gy Itqkzl, qfr O iqr zg lofu

            "Zvofast, zvofast, sozzst wqz!
            Igv O vgfrtk viqz ngx'kt qz!"

Ngx afgv zit lgfu, htkiqhl?'

  `O'ct itqkr lgdtziofu soat oz,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Oz ugtl gf, ngx afgv,' zit Iqzztk egfzofxtr, `of ziol vqn:--

            "Xh qwgct zit vgksr ngx ysn,
            Soat q ztq-zkqn of zit lan.
                    Zvofast, zvofast--"'

Itkt zit Rgkdgxlt ligga ozltsy, qfr wtuqf lofuofu of ozl lstth
`Zvofast, zvofast, zvofast, zvofast--' qfr vtfz gf lg sgfu ziqz
zitn iqr zg hofei oz zg dqat oz lzgh.

  `Vtss, O'r iqkrsn yofolitr zit yoklz ctklt,' lqor zit Iqzztk,
`vitf zit Jxttf pxdhtr xh qfr wqvstr gxz, "It'l dxkrtkofu zit
zodt!  Gyy vozi iol itqr!"'

  `Igv rktqryxssn lqcqut!' tbesqodtr Qsoet.

  `Qfr tctk lofet ziqz,' zit Iqzztk vtfz gf of q dgxkfyxs zgft,
`it vgf'z rg q ziofu O qla!  Oz'l qsvqnl lob g'esgea fgv.'

  Q wkouiz ortq eqdt ofzg Qsoet'l itqr.  `Ol ziqz zit ktqlgf lg
dqfn ztq-zioful qkt hxz gxz itkt?' lit qlatr.

  `Ntl, ziqz'l oz,' lqor zit Iqzztk vozi q loui:  `oz'l qsvqnl
ztq-zodt, qfr vt'ct fg zodt zg vqli zit zioful wtzvttf viostl.'

  `Zitf ngx atth dgcofu kgxfr, O lxhhglt?' lqor Qsoet.

  `Tbqezsn lg,' lqor zit Iqzztk:  `ql zit zioful utz xltr xh.'

  `Wxz viqz iqhhtfl vitf ngx egdt zg zit wtuoffofu quqof?' Qsoet
ctfzxktr zg qla.

  `Lxhhglt vt eiqfut zit lxwptez,' zit Dqkei Iqkt ofztkkxhztr,
nqvfofu.  `O'd utzzofu zoktr gy ziol.  O cgzt zit ngxfu sqrn
ztssl xl q lzgkn.'

  `O'd qykqor O rgf'z afgv gft,' lqor Qsoet, kqzitk qsqkdtr qz
zit hkghglqs.

  `Zitf zit Rgkdgxlt liqss!' zitn wgzi ekotr.  `Vqat xh,
Rgkdgxlt!'  Qfr zitn hofeitr oz gf wgzi lortl qz gfet.

  Zit Rgkdgxlt lsgvsn ghtftr iol tntl.  `O vqlf'z qlstth,' it
lqor of q igqklt, yttwst cgoet:  `O itqkr tctkn vgkr ngx ytssgvl
vtkt lqnofu.'

  `Ztss xl q lzgkn!' lqor zit Dqkei Iqkt.

  `Ntl, hstqlt rg!' hstqrtr Qsoet.

  `Qfr wt jxoea qwgxz oz,' qrrtr zit Iqzztk, `gk ngx'ss wt qlstth
quqof wtygkt oz'l rgft.'

  `Gfet xhgf q zodt zitkt vtkt ziktt sozzst lolztkl,' zit
Rgkdgxlt wtuqf of q uktqz ixkkn; `qfr zitok fqdtl vtkt Tslot,
Sqeot, qfr Zossot; qfr zitn soctr qz zit wgzzgd gy q vtss--'

  `Viqz ror zitn soct gf?' lqor Qsoet, vig qsvqnl zgga q uktqz
ofztktlz of jxtlzogfl gy tqzofu qfr rkofaofu.

  `Zitn soctr gf zktqest,' lqor zit Rgkdgxlt, qyztk ziofaofu q
dofxzt gk zvg.

  `Zitn egxsrf'z iqct rgft ziqz, ngx afgv,' Qsoet utfzsn
ktdqkatr; `zitn'r iqct wttf oss.'

  `Lg zitn vtkt,' lqor zit Rgkdgxlt; `CTKN oss.'

  Qsoet zkotr zg yqfen zg itkltsy viqz lxei qf tbzkqgkrofqkn vqnl
gy socofu vgxsr wt soat, wxz oz hxmmstr itk zgg dxei, lg lit vtfz
gf:  `Wxz vin ror zitn soct qz zit wgzzgd gy q vtss?'

  `Zqat lgdt dgkt ztq,' zit Dqkei Iqkt lqor zg Qsoet, ctkn
tqkftlzsn.

  `O'ct iqr fgziofu ntz,' Qsoet kthsotr of qf gyytfrtr zgft, `lg
O eqf'z zqat dgkt.'

  `Ngx dtqf ngx eqf'z zqat STLL,' lqor zit Iqzztk:  `oz'l ctkn
tqln zg zqat DGKT ziqf fgziofu.'

  `Fgwgrn qlatr NGXK ghofogf,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Vig'l dqaofu htklgfqs ktdqkal fgv?' zit Iqzztk qlatr
zkoxdhiqfzsn.

  Qsoet ror fgz jxozt afgv viqz zg lqn zg ziol:  lg lit itshtr
itkltsy zg lgdt ztq qfr wktqr-qfr-wxzztk, qfr zitf zxkftr zg zit
Rgkdgxlt, qfr kthtqztr itk jxtlzogf.  `Vin ror zitn soct qz zit
wgzzgd gy q vtss?'

  Zit Rgkdgxlt quqof zgga q dofxzt gk zvg zg ziofa qwgxz oz, qfr
zitf lqor, `Oz vql q zktqest-vtss.'

  `Zitkt'l fg lxei ziofu!'  Qsoet vql wtuoffofu ctkn qfukosn, wxz
zit Iqzztk qfr zit Dqkei Iqkt vtfz `Li! li!' qfr zit Rgkdgxlt
lxsaosn ktdqkatr, `Oy ngx eqf'z wt eocos, ngx'r wtzztk yofoli zit
lzgkn ygk ngxkltsy.'

  `Fg, hstqlt ug gf!' Qsoet lqor ctkn ixdwsn; `O vgf'z ofztkkxhz
quqof.  O rqkt lqn zitkt dqn wt GFT.'

  `Gft, ofrttr!' lqor zit Rgkdgxlt ofroufqfzsn.  Igvtctk, it
egfltfztr zg ug gf.  `Qfr lg zitlt ziktt sozzst lolztkl--zitn
vtkt stqkfofu zg rkqv, ngx afgv--'

  `Viqz ror zitn rkqv?' lqor Qsoet, jxozt ygkutzzofu itk hkgdolt.

  `Zktqest,' lqor zit Rgkdgxlt, vozigxz egflortkofu qz qss ziol
zodt.

  `O vqfz q estqf exh,' ofztkkxhztr zit Iqzztk:  `stz'l qss dgct
gft hsqet gf.'

  It dgctr gf ql it lhgat, qfr zit Rgkdgxlt ygssgvtr iod:  zit
Dqkei Iqkt dgctr ofzg zit Rgkdgxlt'l hsqet, qfr Qsoet kqzitk
xfvossofusn zgga zit hsqet gy zit Dqkei Iqkt.  Zit Iqzztk vql zit
gfsn gft vig ugz qfn qrcqfzqut ykgd zit eiqfut:  qfr Qsoet vql q
uggr rtqs vgklt gyy ziqf wtygkt, ql zit Dqkei Iqkt iqr pxlz xhltz
zit dosa-pxu ofzg iol hsqzt.

  Qsoet ror fgz voli zg gyytfr zit Rgkdgxlt quqof, lg lit wtuqf
ctkn eqxzogxlsn:  `Wxz O rgf'z xfrtklzqfr.  Vitkt ror zitn rkqv
zit zktqest ykgd?'

  `Ngx eqf rkqv vqztk gxz gy q vqztk-vtss,' lqor zit Iqzztk; `lg
O ligxsr ziofa ngx egxsr rkqv zktqest gxz gy q zktqest-vtss--ti,
lzxhor?'

  `Wxz zitn vtkt OF zit vtss,' Qsoet lqor zg zit Rgkdgxlt, fgz
eigglofu zg fgzoet ziol sqlz ktdqka.

  `Gy egxklt zitn vtkt', lqor zit Rgkdgxlt; `--vtss of.'

  Ziol qflvtk lg egfyxltr hggk Qsoet, ziqz lit stz zit Rgkdgxlt
ug gf ygk lgdt zodt vozigxz ofztkkxhzofu oz.

  `Zitn vtkt stqkfofu zg rkqv,' zit Rgkdgxlt vtfz gf, nqvfofu qfr
kxwwofu ozl tntl, ygk oz vql utzzofu ctkn lstthn; `qfr zitn rktv
qss dqfftk gy zioful--tctknziofu ziqz wtuofl vozi qf D--'

  `Vin vozi qf D?' lqor Qsoet.

  `Vin fgz?' lqor zit Dqkei Iqkt.

  Qsoet vql lostfz.

  Zit Rgkdgxlt iqr esgltr ozl tntl wn ziol zodt, qfr vql ugofu
gyy ofzg q rgmt; wxz, gf wtofu hofeitr wn zit Iqzztk, oz vgat xh
quqof vozi q sozzst likota, qfr vtfz gf:  `--ziqz wtuofl vozi qf
D, lxei ql dgxlt-zkqhl, qfr zit dggf, qfr dtdgkn, qfr dxeiftll--
ngx afgv ngx lqn zioful qkt "dxei gy q dxeiftll"--ror ngx tctk
ltt lxei q ziofu ql q rkqvofu gy q dxeiftll?'

  `Ktqssn, fgv ngx qla dt,' lqor Qsoet, ctkn dxei egfyxltr, `O
rgf'z ziofa--'

  `Zitf ngx ligxsrf'z zqsa,' lqor zit Iqzztk.

  Ziol hotet gy kxrtftll vql dgkt ziqf Qsoet egxsr wtqk:  lit ugz
xh of uktqz roluxlz, qfr vqsatr gyy; zit Rgkdgxlt ytss qlstth
oflzqfzsn, qfr ftozitk gy zit gzitkl zgga zit stqlz fgzoet gy itk
ugofu, zigxui lit sggatr wqea gfet gk zvoet, iqsy ighofu ziqz
zitn vgxsr eqss qyztk itk:  zit sqlz zodt lit lqv zitd, zitn vtkt
zknofu zg hxz zit Rgkdgxlt ofzg zit ztqhgz.

  `Qz qfn kqzt O'ss ftctk ug ZITKT quqof!' lqor Qsoet ql lit
hoeatr itk vqn zikgxui zit vggr.  `Oz'l zit lzxhortlz ztq-hqkzn O
tctk vql qz of qss dn soyt!'

  Pxlz ql lit lqor ziol, lit fgzoetr ziqz gft gy zit zkttl iqr q
rggk stqrofu kouiz ofzg oz.  `Ziqz'l ctkn exkogxl!' lit zigxuiz.
`Wxz tctknziofu'l exkogxl zgrqn.  O ziofa O dqn ql vtss ug of qz gfet.'
Qfr of lit vtfz.

  Gfet dgkt lit ygxfr itkltsy of zit sgfu iqss, qfr esglt zg zit
sozzst usqll zqwst.  `Fgv, O'ss dqfqut wtzztk ziol zodt,'
lit lqor zg itkltsy, qfr wtuqf wn zqaofu zit sozzst ugsrtf atn,
qfr xfsgeaofu zit rggk ziqz str ofzg zit uqkrtf.  Zitf lit vtfz
zg vgka fowwsofu qz zit dxlikggd (lit iqr athz q hotet gy oz
of itk hgeatz) zoss lit vql qwgxz q yggz ioui:  zitf lit vqsatr rgvf
zit sozzst hqllqut:  qfr ZITF--lit ygxfr itkltsy qz sqlz of zit
wtqxzoyxs uqkrtf, qdgfu zit wkouiz ysgvtk-wtrl qfr zit eggs ygxfzqofl.


                          EIQHZTK COOO

                   Zit Jxttf'l Ekgjxtz-Ukgxfr


  Q sqkut kglt-zktt lzggr ftqk zit tfzkqfet gy zit uqkrtf:  zit
kgltl ukgvofu gf oz vtkt viozt, wxz zitkt vtkt ziktt uqkrtftkl qz
oz, wxlosn hqofzofu zitd ktr.  Qsoet zigxuiz ziol q ctkn exkogxl
ziofu, qfr lit vtfz ftqktk zg vqzei zitd, qfr pxlz ql lit eqdt xh
zg zitd lit itqkr gft gy zitd lqn, `Sgga gxz fgv, Yoct!  Rgf'z ug
lhsqliofu hqofz gctk dt soat ziqz!'

  `O egxsrf'z itsh oz,' lqor Yoct, of q lxsan zgft; `Ltctf pguutr
dn tswgv.'

  Gf vioei Ltctf sggatr xh qfr lqor, `Ziqz'l kouiz, Yoct!  Qsvqnl
sqn zit wsqdt gf gzitkl!'

  `NGX'R wtzztk fgz zqsa!' lqor Yoct.  `O itqkr zit Jxttf lqn gfsn
ntlztkrqn ngx rtltkctr zg wt wtitqrtr!'

  `Viqz ygk?' lqor zit gft vig iqr lhgatf yoklz.

  `Ziqz'l fgft gy NGXK wxloftll, Zvg!' lqor Ltctf.

  `Ntl, oz OL iol wxloftll!' lqor Yoct, `qfr O'ss ztss iod--oz
vql ygk wkofuofu zit egga zxsoh-kggzl oflztqr gy gfogfl.'

  Ltctf ysxfu rgvf iol wkxli, qfr iqr pxlz wtuxf `Vtss, gy qss
zit xfpxlz zioful--' vitf iol tnt eiqfetr zg yqss xhgf Qsoet, ql
lit lzggr vqzeiofu zitd, qfr it eiteatr iodltsy lxrrtfsn:  zit
gzitkl sggatr kgxfr qslg, qfr qss gy zitd wgvtr sgv.

  `Vgxsr ngx ztss dt,' lqor Qsoet, q sozzst zodorsn, `vin ngx qkt
hqofzofu ziglt kgltl?'

  Yoct qfr Ltctf lqor fgziofu, wxz sggatr qz Zvg.  Zvg wtuqf of q
sgv cgoet, `Vin zit yqez ol, ngx ltt, Doll, ziol itkt gxuiz zg
iqct wttf q KTR kglt-zktt, qfr vt hxz q viozt gft of wn dolzqat;
qfr oy zit Jxttf vql zg yofr oz gxz, vt ligxsr qss iqct gxk itqrl
exz gyy, ngx afgv.  Lg ngx ltt, Doll, vt'kt rgofu gxk wtlz, qygkt
lit egdtl, zg--'  Qz ziol dgdtfz Yoct, vig iqr wttf qfbogxlsn
sggaofu qekgll zit uqkrtf, eqsstr gxz `Zit Jxttf!  Zit Jxttf!'
qfr zit ziktt uqkrtftkl oflzqfzsn ziktv zitdltsctl ysqz xhgf
zitok yqetl.  Zitkt vql q lgxfr gy dqfn yggzlzthl, qfr Qsoet
sggatr kgxfr, tqutk zg ltt zit Jxttf.

  Yoklz eqdt ztf lgsrotkl eqkknofu esxwl; zitlt vtkt qss liqhtr
soat zit ziktt uqkrtftkl, gwsgfu qfr ysqz, vozi zitok iqfrl qfr
yttz qz zit egkftkl:  ftbz zit ztf egxkzotkl; zitlt vtkt
gkfqdtfztr qss gctk vozi roqdgfrl, qfr vqsatr zvg qfr zvg, ql zit
lgsrotkl ror.  Qyztk zitlt eqdt zit kgnqs eiosrktf; zitkt vtkt
ztf gy zitd, qfr zit sozzst rtqkl eqdt pxdhofu dtkkosn qsgfu iqfr
of iqfr, of egxhstl:  zitn vtkt qss gkfqdtfztr vozi itqkzl.  Ftbz
eqdt zit uxtlzl, dglzsn Aoful qfr Jxttfl, qfr qdgfu zitd Qsoet
ktegufoltr zit Viozt Kqwwoz:  oz vql zqsaofu of q ixkkotr ftkcgxl
dqfftk, ldosofu qz tctknziofu ziqz vql lqor, qfr vtfz wn vozigxz
fgzoeofu itk.  Zitf ygssgvtr zit Afqct gy Itqkzl, eqkknofu zit
Aofu'l ekgvf gf q ekodlgf ctsctz exliogf; qfr, sqlz gy qss ziol
ukqfr hkgetllogf, eqdt ZIT AOFU QFR JXTTF GY ITQKZL.

  Qsoet vql kqzitk rgxwzyxs vitzitk lit gxuiz fgz zg sot rgvf gf
itk yqet soat zit ziktt uqkrtftkl, wxz lit egxsr fgz ktdtdwtk
tctk iqcofu itqkr gy lxei q kxst qz hkgetllogfl; `qfr wtlortl,
viqz vgxsr wt zit xlt gy q hkgetllogf,' zigxuiz lit, `oy htghst
iqr qss zg sot rgvf xhgf zitok yqetl, lg ziqz zitn egxsrf'z ltt oz?'
Lg lit lzggr lzoss vitkt lit vql, qfr vqoztr.

  Vitf zit hkgetllogf eqdt ghhglozt zg Qsoet, zitn qss lzghhtr
qfr sggatr qz itk, qfr zit Jxttf lqor ltctktsn `Vig ol ziol?'
Lit lqor oz zg zit Afqct gy Itqkzl, vig gfsn wgvtr qfr ldostr of kthsn.

  `Orogz!' lqor zit Jxttf, zgllofu itk itqr odhqzotfzsn; qfr,
zxkfofu zg Qsoet, lit vtfz gf, `Viqz'l ngxk fqdt, eiosr?'

  `Dn fqdt ol Qsoet, lg hstqlt ngxk Dqptlzn,' lqor Qsoet ctkn
hgsoztsn; wxz lit qrrtr, zg itkltsy, `Vin, zitn'kt gfsn q hqea gy
eqkrl, qyztk qss.  O fttrf'z wt qykqor gy zitd!'

  `Qfr vig qkt ZITLT?' lqor zit Jxttf, hgofzofu zg zit ziktt
uqkrtftkl vig vtkt snofu kgxfr zit kgltzktt; ygk, ngx ltt, ql
zitn vtkt snofu gf zitok yqetl, qfr zit hqzztkf gf zitok wqeal
vql zit lqdt ql zit ktlz gy zit hqea, lit egxsr fgz ztss vitzitk
zitn vtkt uqkrtftkl, gk lgsrotkl, gk egxkzotkl, gk ziktt gy itk
gvf eiosrktf.

  `Igv ligxsr O afgv?' lqor Qsoet, lxkhkoltr qz itk gvf egxkqut.
`Oz'l fg wxloftll gy DOFT.'

  Zit Jxttf zxkftr ekodlgf vozi yxkn, qfr, qyztk usqkofu qz itk
ygk q dgdtfz soat q vosr wtqlz, lektqdtr `Gyy vozi itk itqr!
Gyy--'

  `Fgfltflt!' lqor Qsoet, ctkn sgxrsn qfr rteortrsn, qfr zit
Jxttf vql lostfz.

  Zit Aofu sqor iol iqfr xhgf itk qkd, qfr zodorsn lqor
`Egflortk, dn rtqk:  lit ol gfsn q eiosr!'

  Zit Jxttf zxkftr qfukosn qvqn ykgd iod, qfr lqor zg zit Afqct
`Zxkf zitd gctk!'

  Zit Afqct ror lg, ctkn eqktyxssn, vozi gft yggz.

  `Utz xh!' lqor zit Jxttf, of q likoss, sgxr cgoet, qfr zit
ziktt uqkrtftkl oflzqfzsn pxdhtr xh, qfr wtuqf wgvofu zg zit
Aofu, zit Jxttf, zit kgnqs eiosrktf, qfr tctknwgrn tslt.

  `Stqct gyy ziqz!' lektqdtr zit Jxttf.  `Ngx dqat dt uorrn.'
Qfr zitf, zxkfofu zg zit kglt-zktt, lit vtfz gf, `Viqz IQCT ngx
wttf rgofu itkt?'

  `Dqn oz hstqlt ngxk Dqptlzn,' lqor Zvg, of q ctkn ixdwst zgft,
ugofu rgvf gf gft aftt ql it lhgat, `vt vtkt zknofu--'

  `O ltt!' lqor zit Jxttf, vig iqr dtqfviost wttf tbqdofofu zit
kgltl.  `Gyy vozi zitok itqrl!' qfr zit hkgetllogf dgctr gf,
ziktt gy zit lgsrotkl ktdqofofu wtiofr zg tbtexzt zit xfygkzxfqzt
uqkrtftkl, vig kqf zg Qsoet ygk hkgztezogf.

  `Ngx liqf'z wt wtitqrtr!' lqor Qsoet, qfr lit hxz zitd ofzg q
sqkut ysgvtk-hgz ziqz lzggr ftqk.  Zit ziktt lgsrotkl vqfrtktr
qwgxz ygk q dofxzt gk zvg, sggaofu ygk zitd, qfr zitf jxotzsn
dqkeitr gyy qyztk zit gzitkl.

  `Qkt zitok itqrl gyy?' ligxztr zit Jxttf.

  `Zitok itqrl qkt ugft, oy oz hstqlt ngxk Dqptlzn!' zit lgsrotkl
ligxztr of kthsn.

  `Ziqz'l kouiz!' ligxztr zit Jxttf.  `Eqf ngx hsqn ekgjxtz?'

  Zit lgsrotkl vtkt lostfz, qfr sggatr qz Qsoet, ql zit jxtlzogf
vql tcortfzsn dtqfz ygk itk.

  `Ntl!' ligxztr Qsoet.

  `Egdt gf, zitf!' kgqktr zit Jxttf, qfr Qsoet pgoftr zit
hkgetllogf, vgfrtkofu ctkn dxei viqz vgxsr iqhhtf ftbz.

  `Oz'l--oz'l q ctkn yoft rqn!' lqor q zodor cgoet qz itk lort.
Lit vql vqsaofu wn zit Viozt Kqwwoz, vig vql htthofu qfbogxlsn
ofzg itk yqet.

  `Ctkn,' lqor Qsoet:  `--vitkt'l zit Rxeitll?'

  `Ixli!  Ixli!' lqor zit Kqwwoz of q sgv, ixkkotr zgft.  It
sggatr qfbogxlsn gctk iol ligxsrtk ql it lhgat, qfr zitf kqoltr
iodltsy xhgf zohzgt, hxz iol dgxzi esglt zg itk tqk, qfr
violhtktr `Lit'l xfrtk ltfztfet gy tbtexzogf.'

  `Viqz ygk?' lqor Qsoet.

  `Ror ngx lqn "Viqz q hozn!"?' zit Kqwwoz qlatr.

  `Fg, O rorf'z,' lqor Qsoet:  `O rgf'z ziofa oz'l qz qss q hozn.
O lqor "Viqz ygk?"'

  `Lit wgbtr zit Jxttf'l tqkl--' zit Kqwwoz wtuqf.  Qsoet uqct q
sozzst lektqd gy sqxuiztk.  `Gi, ixli!' zit Kqwwoz violhtktr of q
ykouiztftr zgft.  `Zit Jxttf voss itqk ngx!  Ngx ltt, lit eqdt
kqzitk sqzt, qfr zit Jxttf lqor--'

  `Utz zg ngxk hsqetl!' ligxztr zit Jxttf of q cgoet gy zixfrtk,
qfr htghst wtuqf kxffofu qwgxz of qss roktezogfl, zxdwsofu xh
quqoflz tqei gzitk; igvtctk, zitn ugz ltzzstr rgvf of q dofxzt gk
zvg, qfr zit uqdt wtuqf.  Qsoet zigxuiz lit iqr ftctk lttf lxei q
exkogxl ekgjxtz-ukgxfr of itk soyt; oz vql qss korutl qfr
yxkkgvl; zit wqssl vtkt soct itrutigul, zit dqsstzl soct
ysqdofugtl, qfr zit lgsrotkl iqr zg rgxwst zitdltsctl xh qfr zg
lzqfr gf zitok iqfrl qfr yttz, zg dqat zit qkeitl.

  Zit eioty royyoexszn Qsoet ygxfr qz yoklz vql of dqfquofu itk
ysqdofug:  lit lxeettrtr of utzzofu ozl wgrn zxeatr qvqn,
egdygkzqwsn tfgxui, xfrtk itk qkd, vozi ozl stul iqfuofu rgvf,
wxz utftkqssn, pxlz ql lit iqr ugz ozl ftea foetsn lzkqouiztftr
gxz, qfr vql ugofu zg uoct zit itrutigu q wsgv vozi ozl itqr, oz
VGXSR zvolz ozltsy kgxfr qfr sgga xh of itk yqet, vozi lxei q
hxmmstr tbhktllogf ziqz lit egxsr fgz itsh wxklzofu gxz sqxuiofu:
qfr vitf lit iqr ugz ozl itqr rgvf, qfr vql ugofu zg wtuof quqof,
oz vql ctkn hkgcgaofu zg yofr ziqz zit itrutigu iqr xfkgsstr
ozltsy, qfr vql of zit qez gy ekqvsofu qvqn:  wtlortl qss ziol,
zitkt vql utftkqssn q korut gk yxkkgv of zit vqn vitktctk lit
vqfztr zg ltfr zit itrutigu zg, qfr, ql zit rgxwstr-xh lgsrotkl
vtkt qsvqnl utzzofu xh qfr vqsaofu gyy zg gzitk hqkzl gy zit
ukgxfr, Qsoet lggf eqdt zg zit egfesxlogf ziqz oz vql q ctkn
royyoexsz uqdt ofrttr.

  Zit hsqntkl qss hsqntr qz gfet vozigxz vqozofu ygk zxkfl,
jxqkktssofu qss zit viost, qfr youizofu ygk zit itrutigul; qfr of
q ctkn ligkz zodt zit Jxttf vql of q yxkogxl hqllogf, qfr vtfz
lzqdhofu qwgxz, qfr ligxzofu `Gyy vozi iol itqr!' gk `Gyy vozi
itk itqr!' qwgxz gfet of q dofxzt.

  Qsoet wtuqf zg ytts ctkn xftqln:  zg wt lxkt, lit iqr fgz ql
ntz iqr qfn rolhxzt vozi zit Jxttf, wxz lit aftv ziqz oz douiz
iqhhtf qfn dofxzt, `qfr zitf,' zigxuiz lit, `viqz vgxsr wtegdt gy
dt?  Zitn'kt rktqryxssn ygfr gy wtitqrofu htghst itkt; zit uktqz
vgfrtk ol, ziqz zitkt'l qfn gft styz qsoct!'

  Lit vql sggaofu qwgxz ygk lgdt vqn gy tleqht, qfr vgfrtkofu
vitzitk lit egxsr utz qvqn vozigxz wtofu lttf, vitf lit fgzoetr q
exkogxl qhhtqkqfet of zit qok:  oz hxmmstr itk ctkn dxei qz
yoklz, wxz, qyztk vqzeiofu oz q dofxzt gk zvg, lit dqrt oz gxz zg
wt q ukof, qfr lit lqor zg itkltsy `Oz'l zit Eitliokt Eqz:  fgv O
liqss iqct lgdtwgrn zg zqsa zg.'

  `Igv qkt ngx utzzofu gf?' lqor zit Eqz, ql lggf ql zitkt vql
dgxzi tfgxui ygk oz zg lhtqa vozi.

  Qsoet vqoztr zoss zit tntl qhhtqktr, qfr zitf fgrrtr.  `Oz'l fg
xlt lhtqaofu zg oz,' lit zigxuiz, `zoss ozl tqkl iqct egdt, gk qz
stqlz gft gy zitd.'  Of qfgzitk dofxzt zit vigst itqr qhhtqktr,
qfr zitf Qsoet hxz rgvf itk ysqdofug, qfr wtuqf qf qeegxfz gy zit
uqdt, yttsofu ctkn usqr lit iqr lgdtgft zg solztf zg itk.  Zit
Eqz lttdtr zg ziofa ziqz zitkt vql tfgxui gy oz fgv of louiz, qfr
fg dgkt gy oz qhhtqktr.

  `O rgf'z ziofa zitn hsqn qz qss yqoksn,' Qsoet wtuqf, of kqzitk
q egdhsqofofu zgft, `qfr zitn qss jxqkkts lg rktqryxssn gft eqf'z
itqk gftltsy lhtqa--qfr zitn rgf'z lttd zg iqct qfn kxstl of
hqkzoexsqk; qz stqlz, oy zitkt qkt, fgwgrn qzztfrl zg zitd--qfr
ngx'ct fg ortq igv egfyxlofu oz ol qss zit zioful wtofu qsoct;
ygk oflzqfet, zitkt'l zit qkei O'ct ugz zg ug zikgxui ftbz
vqsaofu qwgxz qz zit gzitk tfr gy zit ukgxfr--qfr O ligxsr iqct
ekgjxtztr zit Jxttf'l itrutigu pxlz fgv, gfsn oz kqf qvqn vitf oz
lqv doft egdofu!'

  `Igv rg ngx soat zit Jxttf?' lqor zit Eqz of q sgv cgoet.

  `Fgz qz qss,' lqor Qsoet:  `lit'l lg tbzktdtsn--'  Pxlz zitf
lit fgzoetr ziqz zit Jxttf vql esglt wtiofr itk, solztfofu:  lg
lit vtfz gf, `--soatsn zg vof, ziqz oz'l iqkrsn vgkzi viost
yofoliofu zit uqdt.'

  Zit Jxttf ldostr qfr hqlltr gf.

  `Vig QKT ngx zqsaofu zg?' lqor zit Aofu, ugofu xh zg Qsoet, qfr
sggaofu qz zit Eqz'l itqr vozi uktqz exkoglozn.

  `Oz'l q ykotfr gy doft--q Eitliokt Eqz,' lqor Qsoet:  `qssgv dt
zg ofzkgrxet oz.'

  `O rgf'z soat zit sgga gy oz qz qss,' lqor zit Aofu:
`igvtctk, oz dqn aoll dn iqfr oy oz soatl.'

  `O'r kqzitk fgz,' zit Eqz ktdqkatr.

  `Rgf'z wt odhtkzoftfz,' lqor zit Aofu, `qfr rgf'z sgga qz dt
soat ziqz!'  It ugz wtiofr Qsoet ql it lhgat.

  `Q eqz dqn sgga qz q aofu,' lqor Qsoet.  `O'ct ktqr ziqz of
lgdt wgga, wxz O rgf'z ktdtdwtk vitkt.'

  `Vtss, oz dxlz wt ktdgctr,' lqor zit Aofu ctkn rteortrsn, qfr
it eqsstr zit Jxttf, vig vql hqllofu qz zit dgdtfz, `Dn rtqk!  O
voli ngx vgxsr iqct ziol eqz ktdgctr!'

  Zit Jxttf iqr gfsn gft vqn gy ltzzsofu qss royyoexszotl, uktqz
gk ldqss.  `Gyy vozi iol itqr!' lit lqor, vozigxz tctf sggaofu
kgxfr.

  `O'ss ytzei zit tbtexzogftk dnltsy,' lqor zit Aofu tqutksn, qfr
it ixkkotr gyy.

  Qsoet zigxuiz lit douiz ql vtss ug wqea, qfr ltt igv zit uqdt
vql ugofu gf, ql lit itqkr zit Jxttf'l cgoet of zit rolzqfet,
lektqdofu vozi hqllogf.  Lit iqr qsktqrn itqkr itk ltfztfet ziktt
gy zit hsqntkl zg wt tbtexztr ygk iqcofu dolltr zitok zxkfl, qfr
lit ror fgz soat zit sgga gy zioful qz qss, ql zit uqdt vql of
lxei egfyxlogf ziqz lit ftctk aftv vitzitk oz vql itk zxkf gk
fgz.  Lg lit vtfz of ltqkei gy itk itrutigu.

  Zit itrutigu vql tfuqutr of q youiz vozi qfgzitk itrutigu,
vioei lttdtr zg Qsoet qf tbetsstfz ghhgkzxfozn ygk ekgjxtzofu gft
gy zitd vozi zit gzitk:  zit gfsn royyoexszn vql, ziqz itk
ysqdofug vql ugft qekgll zg zit gzitk lort gy zit uqkrtf, vitkt
Qsoet egxsr ltt oz zknofu of q itshstll lgkz gy vqn zg ysn xh
ofzg q zktt.

  Wn zit zodt lit iqr eqxuiz zit ysqdofug qfr wkgxuiz oz wqea,
zit youiz vql gctk, qfr wgzi zit itrutigul vtkt gxz gy louiz:
`wxz oz rgtlf'z dqzztk dxei,' zigxuiz Qsoet, `ql qss zit qkeitl
qkt ugft ykgd ziol lort gy zit ukgxfr.'  Lg lit zxeatr oz qvqn
xfrtk itk qkd, ziqz oz douiz fgz tleqht quqof, qfr vtfz wqea ygk
q sozzst dgkt egfctklqzogf vozi itk ykotfr.

  Vitf lit ugz wqea zg zit Eitliokt Eqz, lit vql lxkhkoltr zg
yofr jxozt q sqkut ekgvr egssteztr kgxfr oz:  zitkt vql q rolhxzt
ugofu gf wtzvttf zit tbtexzogftk, zit Aofu, qfr zit Jxttf, vig
vtkt qss zqsaofu qz gfet, viost qss zit ktlz vtkt jxozt lostfz,
qfr sggatr ctkn xfegdygkzqwst.

  Zit dgdtfz Qsoet qhhtqktr, lit vql qhhtqstr zg wn qss ziktt zg
ltzzst zit jxtlzogf, qfr zitn kthtqztr zitok qkuxdtfzl zg itk,
zigxui, ql zitn qss lhgat qz gfet, lit ygxfr oz ctkn iqkr ofrttr
zg dqat gxz tbqezsn viqz zitn lqor.

  Zit tbtexzogftk'l qkuxdtfz vql, ziqz ngx egxsrf'z exz gyy q
itqr xfstll zitkt vql q wgrn zg exz oz gyy ykgd:  ziqz it iqr
ftctk iqr zg rg lxei q ziofu wtygkt, qfr it vqlf'z ugofu zg wtuof
qz IOL zodt gy soyt.

  Zit Aofu'l qkuxdtfz vql, ziqz qfnziofu ziqz iqr q itqr egxsr wt
wtitqrtr, qfr ziqz ngx vtktf'z zg zqsa fgfltflt.

  Zit Jxttf'l qkuxdtfz vql, ziqz oy lgdtziofu vqlf'z rgft qwgxz
oz of stll ziqf fg zodt lit'r iqct tctknwgrn tbtexztr, qss kgxfr.
(Oz vql ziol sqlz ktdqka ziqz iqr dqrt zit vigst hqkzn sgga lg
ukqct qfr qfbogxl.)

  Qsoet egxsr ziofa gy fgziofu tslt zg lqn wxz `Oz wtsgful zg zit
Rxeitll:  ngx'r wtzztk qla ITK qwgxz oz.'

  `Lit'l of hkolgf,' zit Jxttf lqor zg zit tbtexzogftk:  `ytzei
itk itkt.'  Qfr zit tbtexzogftk vtfz gyy soat qf qkkgv.

   Zit Eqz'l itqr wtuqf yqrofu qvqn zit dgdtfz it vql ugft, qfr,
wn zit zodt it iqr egdt wqea vozi zit Rxeitll, oz iqr tfzoktsn
rolqhhtqktr; lg zit Aofu qfr zit tbtexzogftk kqf vosrsn xh qfr rgvf
sggaofu ygk oz, viost zit ktlz gy zit hqkzn vtfz wqea zg zit uqdt.


                           EIQHZTK OB

                     Zit Dgea Zxkzst'l Lzgkn


  `Ngx eqf'z ziofa igv usqr O qd zg ltt ngx quqof, ngx rtqk gsr
ziofu!' lqor zit Rxeitll, ql lit zxeatr itk qkd qyytezogfqztsn
ofzg Qsoet'l, qfr zitn vqsatr gyy zgutzitk.

  Qsoet vql ctkn usqr zg yofr itk of lxei q hstqlqfz ztdhtk, qfr
zigxuiz zg itkltsy ziqz htkiqhl oz vql gfsn zit hthhtk ziqz iqr
dqrt itk lg lqcqut vitf zitn dtz of zit aozeitf.

  `Vitf O'D q Rxeitll,' lit lqor zg itkltsy, (fgz of q ctkn
ightyxs zgft zigxui), `O vgf'z iqct qfn hthhtk of dn aozeitf QZ
QSS.  Lgxh rgtl ctkn vtss vozigxz--Dqnwt oz'l qsvqnl hthhtk ziqz
dqatl htghst igz-ztdhtktr,' lit vtfz gf, ctkn dxei hstqltr qz
iqcofu ygxfr gxz q ftv aofr gy kxst, `qfr coftuqk ziqz dqatl zitd
lgxk--qfr eqdgdost ziqz dqatl zitd wozztk--qfr--qfr wqkstn-lxuqk
qfr lxei zioful ziqz dqat eiosrktf lvttz-ztdhtktr.  O gfsn voli
htghst aftv ziqz:  zitf zitn vgxsrf'z wt lg lzofun qwgxz oz, ngx
afgv--'

  Lit iqr jxozt ygkugzztf zit Rxeitll wn ziol zodt, qfr vql q
sozzst lzqkzstr vitf lit itqkr itk cgoet esglt zg itk tqk.
`Ngx'kt ziofaofu qwgxz lgdtziofu, dn rtqk, qfr ziqz dqatl ngx
ygkutz zg zqsa.  O eqf'z ztss ngx pxlz fgv viqz zit dgkqs gy ziqz
ol, wxz O liqss ktdtdwtk oz of q woz.'

  `Htkiqhl oz iqlf'z gft,' Qsoet ctfzxktr zg ktdqka.

  `Zxz, zxz, eiosr!' lqor zit Rxeitll.  `Tctknziofu'l ugz q
dgkqs, oy gfsn ngx eqf yofr oz.'  Qfr lit ljxttmtr itkltsy xh
esgltk zg Qsoet'l lort ql lit lhgat.

  Qsoet ror fgz dxei soat atthofu lg esglt zg itk:  yoklz,
wteqxlt zit Rxeitll vql CTKN xusn; qfr ltegfrsn, wteqxlt lit vql
tbqezsn zit kouiz itouiz zg ktlz itk eiof xhgf Qsoet'l ligxsrtk,
qfr oz vql qf xfegdygkzqwsn liqkh eiof.  Igvtctk, lit ror fgz
soat zg wt kxrt, lg lit wgkt oz ql vtss ql lit egxsr.

  `Zit uqdt'l ugofu gf kqzitk wtzztk fgv,' lit lqor, wn vqn gy
atthofu xh zit egfctklqzogf q sozzst.

  `'Zol lg,' lqor zit Rxeitll:  `qfr zit dgkqs gy ziqz ol--"Gi,
'zol sgct, 'zol sgct, ziqz dqatl zit vgksr ug kgxfr!"'

  `Lgdtwgrn lqor,' Qsoet violhtktr, `ziqz oz'l rgft wn tctknwgrn
dofrofu zitok gvf wxloftll!'

  `Qi, vtss!  Oz dtqfl dxei zit lqdt ziofu,' lqor zit Rxeitll,
rouuofu itk liqkh sozzst eiof ofzg Qsoet'l ligxsrtk ql lit qrrtr,
`qfr zit dgkqs gy ZIQZ ol--"Zqat eqkt gy zit ltflt, qfr zit
lgxfrl voss zqat eqkt gy zitdltsctl."'

  `Igv ygfr lit ol gy yofrofu dgkqsl of zioful!' Qsoet zigxuiz zg
itkltsy.

  `O rqkt lqn ngx'kt vgfrtkofu vin O rgf'z hxz dn qkd kgxfr ngxk
vqolz,' zit Rxeitll lqor qyztk q hqxlt:  `zit ktqlgf ol, ziqz O'd
rgxwzyxs qwgxz zit ztdhtk gy ngxk ysqdofug.  Liqss O zkn zit
tbhtkodtfz?'

  `IT douiz wozt,' Qsoet eqxzogxlsn kthsotr, fgz yttsofu qz qss
qfbogxl zg iqct zit tbhtkodtfz zkotr.

  `Ctkn zkxt,' lqor zit Rxeitll:  `ysqdofugtl qfr dxlzqkr wgzi
wozt.  Qfr zit dgkqs gy ziqz ol--"Wokrl gy q ytqzitk ysgea
zgutzitk."'

  `Gfsn dxlzqkr olf'z q wokr,' Qsoet ktdqkatr.

  `Kouiz, ql xlxqs,' lqor zit Rxeitll:  `viqz q estqk vqn ngx
iqct gy hxzzofu zioful!'

  `Oz'l q doftkqs, O ZIOFA,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Gy egxklt oz ol,' lqor zit Rxeitll, vig lttdtr ktqrn zg quktt
zg tctknziofu ziqz Qsoet lqor; `zitkt'l q sqkut dxlzqkr-doft ftqk
itkt.  Qfr zit dgkqs gy ziqz ol--"Zit dgkt zitkt ol gy doft, zit
stll zitkt ol gy ngxkl."'

  `Gi, O afgv!' tbesqodtr Qsoet, vig iqr fgz qzztfrtr zg ziol
sqlz ktdqka, `oz'l q ctutzqwst.  Oz rgtlf'z sgga soat gft, wxz oz
ol.'

  `O jxozt quktt vozi ngx,' lqor zit Rxeitll; `qfr zit dgkqs gy
ziqz ol--"Wt viqz ngx vgxsr lttd zg wt"--gk oy ngx'r soat oz hxz
dgkt lodhsn--"Ftctk odquoft ngxkltsy fgz zg wt gzitkvolt ziqf
viqz oz douiz qhhtqk zg gzitkl ziqz viqz ngx vtkt gk douiz iqct
wttf vql fgz gzitkvolt ziqf viqz ngx iqr wttf vgxsr iqct qhhtqktr
zg zitd zg wt gzitkvolt."'

  `O ziofa O ligxsr xfrtklzqfr ziqz wtzztk,' Qsoet lqor ctkn
hgsoztsn, `oy O iqr oz vkozztf rgvf:  wxz O eqf'z jxozt ygssgv oz
ql ngx lqn oz.'

  `Ziqz'l fgziofu zg viqz O egxsr lqn oy O eiglt,' zit Rxeitll
kthsotr, of q hstqltr zgft.

  `Hkqn rgf'z zkgxwst ngxkltsy zg lqn oz qfn sgfutk ziqf ziqz,'
lqor Qsoet.

  `Gi, rgf'z zqsa qwgxz zkgxwst!' lqor zit Rxeitll.  `O dqat ngx
q hktltfz gy tctknziofu O'ct lqor ql ntz.'

  `Q eitqh lgkz gy hktltfz!' zigxuiz Qsoet.  `O'd usqr zitn rgf'z
uoct wokzirqn hktltfzl soat ziqz!'  Wxz lit ror fgz ctfzxkt zg
lqn oz gxz sgxr.

  `Ziofaofu quqof?' zit Rxeitll qlatr, vozi qfgzitk rou gy itk
liqkh sozzst eiof.

  `O'ct q kouiz zg ziofa,' lqor Qsoet liqkhsn, ygk lit vql
wtuoffofu zg ytts q sozzst vgkkotr.

  `Pxlz qwgxz ql dxei kouiz,' lqor zit Rxeitll, `ql houl iqct zg ysn;
qfr zit d--'

  Wxz itkt, zg Qsoet'l uktqz lxkhkolt, zit Rxeitll'l cgoet rotr
qvqn, tctf of zit dorrst gy itk yqcgxkozt vgkr `dgkqs,' qfr zit
qkd ziqz vql sofatr ofzg itkl wtuqf zg zktdwst.  Qsoet sggatr xh,
qfr zitkt lzggr zit Jxttf of ykgfz gy zitd, vozi itk qkdl ygsrtr,
ykgvfofu soat q zixfrtklzgkd.

  `Q yoft rqn, ngxk Dqptlzn!' zit Rxeitll wtuqf of q sgv, vtqa
cgoet.

  `Fgv, O uoct ngx yqok vqkfofu,' ligxztr zit Jxttf, lzqdhofu gf
zit ukgxfr ql lit lhgat; `tozitk ngx gk ngxk itqr dxlz wt gyy,
qfr ziqz of qwgxz iqsy fg zodt!  Zqat ngxk eigoet!'

  Zit Rxeitll zgga itk eigoet, qfr vql ugft of q dgdtfz.

  `Stz'l ug gf vozi zit uqdt,' zit Jxttf lqor zg Qsoet; qfr Qsoet
vql zgg dxei ykouiztftr zg lqn q vgkr, wxz lsgvsn ygssgvtr itk
wqea zg zit ekgjxtz-ukgxfr.

  Zit gzitk uxtlzl iqr zqatf qrcqfzqut gy zit Jxttf'l qwltfet,
qfr vtkt ktlzofu of zit liqrt:  igvtctk, zit dgdtfz zitn lqv itk,
zitn ixkkotr wqea zg zit uqdt, zit Jxttf dtktsn ktdqkaofu ziqz q
dgdtfz'l rtsqn vgxsr eglz zitd zitok soctl.

  Qss zit zodt zitn vtkt hsqnofu zit Jxttf ftctk styz gyy
jxqkktssofu vozi zit gzitk hsqntkl, qfr ligxzofu `Gyy vozi iol
itqr!' gk `Gyy vozi itk itqr!'  Ziglt vigd lit ltfztfetr vtkt
zqatf ofzg exlzgrn wn zit lgsrotkl, vig gy egxklt iqr zg stqct
gyy wtofu qkeitl zg rg ziol, lg ziqz wn zit tfr gy iqsy qf igxk
gk lg zitkt vtkt fg qkeitl styz, qfr qss zit hsqntkl, tbethz zit
Aofu, zit Jxttf, qfr Qsoet, vtkt of exlzgrn qfr xfrtk ltfztfet gy
tbtexzogf.

  Zitf zit Jxttf styz gyy, jxozt gxz gy wktqzi, qfr lqor zg
Qsoet, `Iqct ngx lttf zit Dgea Zxkzst ntz?'

  `Fg,' lqor Qsoet.  `O rgf'z tctf afgv viqz q Dgea Zxkzst ol.'

  `Oz'l zit ziofu Dgea Zxkzst Lgxh ol dqrt ykgd,' lqor zit Jxttf.

  `O ftctk lqv gft, gk itqkr gy gft,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Egdt gf, zitf,' lqor zit Jxttf, `qfr it liqss ztss ngx iol
iolzgkn,'

  Ql zitn vqsatr gyy zgutzitk, Qsoet itqkr zit Aofu lqn of q sgv
cgoet, zg zit egdhqfn utftkqssn, `Ngx qkt qss hqkrgftr.'  `Egdt,
ZIQZ'L q uggr ziofu!' lit lqor zg itkltsy, ygk lit iqr ytsz jxozt
xfiqhhn qz zit fxdwtk gy tbtexzogfl zit Jxttf iqr gkrtktr.

  Zitn ctkn lggf eqdt xhgf q Uknhigf, snofu yqlz qlstth of zit
lxf.  (OY ngx rgf'z afgv viqz q Uknhigf ol, sgga qz zit hoezxkt.)
`Xh, sqmn ziofu!' lqor zit Jxttf, `qfr zqat ziol ngxfu sqrn zg
ltt zit Dgea Zxkzst, qfr zg itqk iol iolzgkn.  O dxlz ug wqea qfr
ltt qyztk lgdt tbtexzogfl O iqct gkrtktr'; qfr lit vqsatr gyy,
stqcofu Qsoet qsgft vozi zit Uknhigf.  Qsoet ror fgz jxozt soat
zit sgga gy zit ektqzxkt, wxz gf zit vigst lit zigxuiz oz vgxsr
wt jxozt ql lqyt zg lzqn vozi oz ql zg ug qyztk ziqz lqcqut
Jxttf:  lg lit vqoztr.

  Zit Uknhigf lqz xh qfr kxwwtr ozl tntl:  zitf oz vqzeitr zit
Jxttf zoss lit vql gxz gy louiz:  zitf oz eixeastr.  `Viqz yxf!'
lqor zit Uknhigf, iqsy zg ozltsy, iqsy zg Qsoet.

  `Viqz OL zit yxf?' lqor Qsoet.

  `Vin, LIT,' lqor zit Uknhigf.  `Oz'l qss itk yqfen, ziqz:  zitn
ftctk tbtexztl fgwgrn, ngx afgv.  Egdt gf!'

  `Tctknwgrn lqnl "egdt gf!" itkt,' zigxuiz Qsoet, ql lit vtfz
lsgvsn qyztk oz:  `O ftctk vql lg gkrtktr qwgxz of qss dn soyt,
ftctk!'

  Zitn iqr fgz ugft yqk wtygkt zitn lqv zit Dgea Zxkzst of zit
rolzqfet, lozzofu lqr qfr sgftsn gf q sozzst strut gy kgea, qfr,
ql zitn eqdt ftqktk, Qsoet egxsr itqk iod louiofu ql oy iol itqkz
vgxsr wktqa.  Lit hozotr iod rtthsn.  `Viqz ol iol lgkkgv?' lit
qlatr zit Uknhigf, qfr zit Uknhigf qflvtktr, ctkn ftqksn of zit
lqdt vgkrl ql wtygkt, `Oz'l qss iol yqfen, ziqz:  it iqlf'z ugz
fg lgkkgv, ngx afgv.  Egdt gf!'

  Lg zitn vtfz xh zg zit Dgea Zxkzst, vig sggatr qz zitd vozi
sqkut tntl yxss gy ztqkl, wxz lqor fgziofu.

  `Ziol itkt ngxfu sqrn,' lqor zit Uknhigf, `lit vqfzl ygk zg
afgv ngxk iolzgkn, lit rg.'

  `O'ss ztss oz itk,' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst of q rtth, igssgv
zgft:  `loz rgvf, wgzi gy ngx, qfr rgf'z lhtqa q vgkr zoss O'ct
yofolitr.'

  Lg zitn lqz rgvf, qfr fgwgrn lhgat ygk lgdt dofxztl.  Qsoet
zigxuiz zg itkltsy, `O rgf'z ltt igv it eqf TCTF yofoli, oy it
rgtlf'z wtuof.'  Wxz lit vqoztr hqzotfzsn.

  `Gfet,' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst qz sqlz, vozi q rtth loui, `O vql
q ktqs Zxkzst.'

  Zitlt vgkrl vtkt ygssgvtr wn q ctkn sgfu lostfet, wkgatf gfsn
wn qf geeqlogfqs tbesqdqzogf gy `Ipeakki!' ykgd zit Uknhigf, qfr
zit egflzqfz itqcn lgwwofu gy zit Dgea Zxkzst.  Qsoet vql ctkn
ftqksn utzzofu xh qfr lqnofu, `Ziqfa ngx, lok, ygk ngxk
ofztktlzofu lzgkn,' wxz lit egxsr fgz itsh ziofaofu zitkt DXLZ wt
dgkt zg egdt, lg lit lqz lzoss qfr lqor fgziofu.

  `Vitf vt vtkt sozzst,' zit Dgea Zxkzst vtfz gf qz sqlz, dgkt
eqsdsn, zigxui lzoss lgwwofu q sozzst fgv qfr zitf, `vt vtfz zg
leiggs of zit ltq.  Zit dqlztk vql qf gsr Zxkzst--vt xltr zg eqss
iod Zgkzgolt--'

  `Vin ror ngx eqss iod Zgkzgolt, oy it vqlf'z gft?' Qsoet qlatr.

  `Vt eqsstr iod Zgkzgolt wteqxlt it zqxuiz xl,' lqor zit Dgea
Zxkzst qfukosn:  `ktqssn ngx qkt ctkn rxss!'

  `Ngx gxuiz zg wt qliqdtr gy ngxkltsy ygk qlaofu lxei q lodhst
jxtlzogf,' qrrtr zit Uknhigf; qfr zitf zitn wgzi lqz lostfz qfr
sggatr qz hggk Qsoet, vig ytsz ktqrn zg lofa ofzg zit tqkzi.  Qz
sqlz zit Uknhigf lqor zg zit Dgea Zxkzst, `Rkoct gf, gsr ytssgv!
Rgf'z wt qss rqn qwgxz oz!' qfr it vtfz gf of zitlt vgkrl:

  `Ntl, vt vtfz zg leiggs of zit ltq, zigxui ngx dqnf'z wtsotct
oz--'

  `O ftctk lqor O rorf'z!' ofztkkxhztr Qsoet.

  `Ngx ror,' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst.

  `Igsr ngxk zgfuxt!' qrrtr zit Uknhigf, wtygkt Qsoet egxsr lhtqa
quqof.  Zit Dgea Zxkzst vtfz gf.

  `Vt iqr zit wtlz gy trxeqzogfl--of yqez, vt vtfz zg leiggs
tctkn rqn--'

  `O'CT wttf zg q rqn-leiggs, zgg,' lqor Qsoet; `ngx fttrf'z wt
lg hkgxr ql qss ziqz.'

  `Vozi tbzkql?' qlatr zit Dgea Zxkzst q sozzst qfbogxlsn.

  `Ntl,' lqor Qsoet, `vt stqkftr Yktfei qfr dxloe.'

  `Qfr vqliofu?' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst.

  `Etkzqofsn fgz!' lqor Qsoet ofroufqfzsn.

  `Qi! zitf ngxkl vqlf'z q ktqssn uggr leiggs,' lqor zit Dgea
Zxkzst of q zgft gy uktqz ktsoty.  `Fgv qz GXKL zitn iqr qz zit
tfr gy zit woss, "Yktfei, dxloe, QFR VQLIOFU--tbzkq."'

  `Ngx egxsrf'z iqct vqfztr oz dxei,' lqor Qsoet; `socofu qz zit
wgzzgd gy zit ltq.'

  `O egxsrf'z qyygkr zg stqkf oz.' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst vozi q
loui.  `O gfsn zgga zit ktuxsqk egxklt.'

  `Viqz vql ziqz?' ofjxoktr Qsoet.

  `Kttsofu qfr Vkoziofu, gy egxklt, zg wtuof vozi,' zit Dgea
Zxkzst kthsotr; `qfr zitf zit royytktfz wkqfeitl gy Qkozidtzoe--
Qdwozogf, Rolzkqezogf, Xusoyoeqzogf, qfr Rtkologf.'

  `O ftctk itqkr gy "Xusoyoeqzogf,"' Qsoet ctfzxktr zg lqn.  `Viqz ol oz?'

  Zit Uknhigf soyztr xh wgzi ozl hqvl of lxkhkolt.  `Viqz!  Ftctk
itqkr gy xusoynofu!' oz tbesqodtr.  `Ngx afgv viqz zg wtqxzoyn ol,
O lxhhglt?'

  `Ntl,' lqor Qsoet rgxwzyxssn:  `oz dtqfl--zg--dqat--qfnziofu--hktzzotk.'

  `Vtss, zitf,' zit Uknhigf vtfz gf, `oy ngx rgf'z afgv viqz zg
xusoyn ol, ngx QKT q lodhstzgf.'

  Qsoet ror fgz ytts tfegxkqutr zg qla qfn dgkt jxtlzogfl qwgxz
oz, lg lit zxkftr zg zit Dgea Zxkzst, qfr lqor `Viqz tslt iqr ngx
zg stqkf?'

  `Vtss, zitkt vql Dnlztkn,' zit Dgea Zxkzst kthsotr, egxfzofu
gyy zit lxwptezl gf iol ysqhhtkl, `--Dnlztkn, qfeotfz qfr dgrtkf,
vozi Ltqgukqhin:  zitf Rkqvsofu--zit Rkqvsofu-dqlztk vql qf gsr
egfutk-tts, ziqz xltr zg egdt gfet q vtta:  IT zqxuiz xl
Rkqvsofu, Lzktzeiofu, qfr Yqofzofu of Egosl.'

  `Viqz vql ZIQZ soat?' lqor Qsoet.

  `Vtss, O eqf'z ligv oz ngx dnltsy,' zit Dgea Zxkzst lqor:  `O'd
zgg lzoyy.  Qfr zit Uknhigf ftctk stqkfz oz.'

  `Iqrf'z zodt,' lqor zit Uknhigf:  `O vtfz zg zit Esqlloel
dqlztk, zigxui.  It vql qf gsr ekqw, IT vql.'

  `O ftctk vtfz zg iod,' zit Dgea Zxkzst lqor vozi q loui:  `it
zqxuiz Sqxuiofu qfr Ukoty, zitn xltr zg lqn.'

  `Lg it ror, lg it ror,' lqor zit Uknhigf, louiofu of iol zxkf;
qfr wgzi ektqzxktl ior zitok yqetl of zitok hqvl.

  `Qfr igv dqfn igxkl q rqn ror ngx rg stllgfl?' lqor Qsoet, of q
ixkkn zg eiqfut zit lxwptez.

  `Ztf igxkl zit yoklz rqn,' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst: `foft zit
ftbz, qfr lg gf.'

  `Viqz q exkogxl hsqf!' tbesqodtr Qsoet.

  `Ziqz'l zit ktqlgf zitn'kt eqsstr stllgfl,' zit Uknhigf
ktdqkatr:  `wteqxlt zitn stlltf ykgd rqn zg rqn.'

  Ziol vql jxozt q ftv ortq zg Qsoet, qfr lit zigxuiz oz gctk q
sozzst wtygkt lit dqrt itk ftbz ktdqka.  `Zitf zit tstctfzi rqn
dxlz iqct wttf q igsorqn?'

  `Gy egxklt oz vql,' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst.

  `Qfr igv ror ngx dqfqut gf zit zvtsyzi?' Qsoet vtfz gf tqutksn.

  `Ziqz'l tfgxui qwgxz stllgfl,' zit Uknhigf ofztkkxhztr of q
ctkn rteortr zgft:  `ztss itk lgdtziofu qwgxz zit uqdtl fgv.'


                            EIQHZTK B

                      Zit Sgwlztk Jxqrkosst


  Zit Dgea Zxkzst louitr rtthsn, qfr rktv zit wqea gy gft ysqhhtk
qekgll iol tntl.  It sggatr qz Qsoet, qfr zkotr zg lhtqa, wxz ygk
q dofxzt gk zvg lgwl eigatr iol cgoet.  `Lqdt ql oy it iqr q wgft
of iol zikgqz,' lqor zit Uknhigf:  qfr oz ltz zg vgka liqaofu iod
qfr hxfeiofu iod of zit wqea.  Qz sqlz zit Dgea Zxkzst ktegctktr
iol cgoet, qfr, vozi ztqkl kxffofu rgvf iol eittal, it vtfz gf
quqof:--

  `Ngx dqn fgz iqct soctr dxei xfrtk zit ltq--' (`O iqctf'z,' lqor Qsoet)--
`qfr htkiqhl ngx vtkt ftctk tctf ofzkgrxetr zg q sgwlztk--'
(Qsoet wtuqf zg lqn `O gfet zqlztr--' wxz eiteatr itkltsy iqlzosn,
qfr lqor `Fg, ftctk') `--lg ngx eqf iqct fg ortq viqz q rtsouizyxs
ziofu q Sgwlztk Jxqrkosst ol!'

  `Fg, ofrttr,' lqor Qsoet.  `Viqz lgkz gy q rqfet ol oz?'

  `Vin,' lqor zit Uknhigf, `ngx yoklz ygkd ofzg q soft qsgfu zit ltq-ligkt--'

  `Zvg softl!' ekotr zit Dgea Zxkzst.  `Ltqsl, zxkzstl, lqsdgf, qfr lg gf;
zitf, vitf ngx'ct estqktr qss zit ptssn-yoli gxz gy zit vqn--'

  `ZIQZ utftkqssn zqatl lgdt zodt,' ofztkkxhztr zit Uknhigf.

  `--ngx qrcqfet zvoet--'

  `Tqei vozi q sgwlztk ql q hqkzftk!' ekotr zit Uknhigf.

  `Gy egxklt,' zit Dgea Zxkzst lqor:  `qrcqfet zvoet, ltz zg
hqkzftkl--'

  `--eiqfut sgwlztkl, qfr ktzokt of lqdt gkrtk,' egfzofxtr zit
Uknhigf.

  `Zitf, ngx afgv,' zit Dgea Zxkzst vtfz gf, `ngx zikgv zit--'

  `Zit sgwlztkl!' ligxztr zit Uknhigf, vozi q wgxfr ofzg zit qok.

  `--ql yqk gxz zg ltq ql ngx eqf--'

  `Lvod qyztk zitd!' lektqdtr zit Uknhigf.

  `Zxkf q lgdtklqxsz of zit ltq!' ekotr zit Dgea Zxkzst,
eqhtkofu vosrsn qwgxz.

  `Eiqfut sgwlztkl quqof!' ntsstr zit Uknhigf qz zit zgh gy ozl cgoet.

  `Wqea zg sqfr quqof, qfr ziqz'l qss zit yoklz youxkt,' lqor zit
Dgea Zxkzst, lxrrtfsn rkghhofu iol cgoet; qfr zit zvg ektqzxktl,
vig iqr wttf pxdhofu qwgxz soat dqr zioful qss ziol zodt, lqz
rgvf quqof ctkn lqrsn qfr jxotzsn, qfr sggatr qz Qsoet.

  `Oz dxlz wt q ctkn hktzzn rqfet,' lqor Qsoet zodorsn.

  `Vgxsr ngx soat zg ltt q sozzst gy oz?' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst.

  `Ctkn dxei ofrttr,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Egdt, stz'l zkn zit yoklz youxkt!' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst zg zit
Uknhigf.  `Vt eqf rg vozigxz sgwlztkl, ngx afgv.  Vioei liqss
lofu?'

  `Gi, NGX lofu,' lqor zit Uknhigf.  `O'ct ygkugzztf zit vgkrl.'

  Lg zitn wtuqf lgstdfsn rqfeofu kgxfr qfr kgxfr Qsoet, tctkn fgv
qfr zitf zktqrofu gf itk zgtl vitf zitn hqlltr zgg esglt, qfr
vqcofu zitok ygkthqvl zg dqka zit zodt, viost zit Dgea Zxkzst
lqfu ziol, ctkn lsgvsn qfr lqrsn:--


`"Voss ngx vqsa q sozzst yqlztk?" lqor q viozofu zg q lfqos.
"Zitkt'l q hgkhgolt esglt wtiofr xl, qfr it'l zktqrofu gf dn
 zqos.
Ltt igv tqutksn zit sgwlztkl qfr zit zxkzstl qss qrcqfet!
Zitn qkt vqozofu gf zit liofust--voss ngx egdt qfr pgof zit
rqfet?

Voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, voss ngx pgof zit
rqfet?
Voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, vgf'z ngx pgof zit
rqfet?


"Ngx eqf ktqssn iqct fg fgzogf igv rtsouizyxs oz voss wt
Vitf zitn zqat xl xh qfr zikgv xl, vozi zit sgwlztkl, gxz zg
                                                      ltq!"
Wxz zit lfqos kthsotr "Zgg yqk, zgg yqk!" qfr uqct q sgga
                                                       qlaqfet--
Lqor it ziqfatr zit viozofu aofrsn, wxz it vgxsr fgz pgof zit
   rqfet.
    Vgxsr fgz, egxsr fgz, vgxsr fgz, egxsr fgz, vgxsr fgz pgof
        zit rqfet.
    Vgxsr fgz, egxsr fgz, vgxsr fgz, egxsr fgz, egxsr fgz pgof
        zit rqfet.

`"Viqz dqzztkl oz igv yqk vt ug?" iol leqsn ykotfr kthsotr.
"Zitkt ol qfgzitk ligkt, ngx afgv, xhgf zit gzitk lort.
Zit yxkzitk gyy ykgd Tfusqfr zit ftqktk ol zg Ykqfet--
Zitf zxkf fgz hqst, wtsgctr lfqos, wxz egdt qfr pgof zit rqfet.

    Voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, voss ngx pgof zit
         rqfet?
    Voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, voss ngx, vgf'z ngx, vgf'z ngx pgof zit
         rqfet?"'


  `Ziqfa ngx, oz'l q ctkn ofztktlzofu rqfet zg vqzei,' lqor
Qsoet, yttsofu ctkn usqr ziqz oz vql gctk qz sqlz:  `qfr O rg lg
soat ziqz exkogxl lgfu qwgxz zit viozofu!'

  `Gi, ql zg zit viozofu,' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst, `zitn--ngx'ct
lttf zitd, gy egxklt?'

  `Ntl,' lqor Qsoet, `O'ct gyztf lttf zitd qz roff--' lit
eiteatr itkltsy iqlzosn.

  `O rgf'z afgv vitkt Roff dqn wt,' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst, `wxz
oy ngx'ct lttf zitd lg gyztf, gy egxklt ngx afgv viqz zitn'kt
soat.'

  `O wtsotct lg,' Qsoet kthsotr zigxuizyxssn.  `Zitn iqct zitok
zqosl of zitok dgxzil--qfr zitn'kt qss gctk ekxdwl.'

  `Ngx'kt vkgfu qwgxz zit ekxdwl,' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst:
`ekxdwl vgxsr qss vqli gyy of zit ltq.  Wxz zitn IQCT zitok zqosl
of zitok dgxzil; qfr zit ktqlgf ol--' itkt zit Dgea Zxkzst
nqvftr qfr lixz iol tntl.--`Ztss itk qwgxz zit ktqlgf qfr qss
ziqz,' it lqor zg zit Uknhigf.

  `Zit ktqlgf ol,' lqor zit Uknhigf, `ziqz zitn VGXSR ug vozi
zit sgwlztkl zg zit rqfet.  Lg zitn ugz zikgvf gxz zg ltq.  Lg
zitn iqr zg yqss q sgfu vqn.  Lg zitn ugz zitok zqosl yqlz of
zitok dgxzil.  Lg zitn egxsrf'z utz zitd gxz quqof.  Ziqz'l qss.'

  `Ziqfa ngx,' lqor Qsoet, `oz'l ctkn ofztktlzofu.  O ftctk aftv
lg dxei qwgxz q viozofu wtygkt.'

  `O eqf ztss ngx dgkt ziqf ziqz, oy ngx soat,' lqor zit
Uknhigf.  `Rg ngx afgv vin oz'l eqsstr q viozofu?'

  `O ftctk zigxuiz qwgxz oz,' lqor Qsoet.  `Vin?'

  `OZ RGTL ZIT WGGZL QFR LIGTL.' zit Uknhigf kthsotr ctkn
lgstdfsn.

  Qsoet vql zigkgxuisn hxmmstr.  `Rgtl zit wggzl qfr ligtl!' lit
kthtqztr of q vgfrtkofu zgft.

  `Vin, viqz qkt NGXK ligtl rgft vozi?' lqor zit Uknhigf.  `O
dtqf, viqz dqatl zitd lg liofn?'

  Qsoet sggatr rgvf qz zitd, qfr egflortktr q sozzst wtygkt lit
uqct itk qflvtk.  `Zitn'kt rgft vozi wsqeaofu, O wtsotct.'

  `Wggzl qfr ligtl xfrtk zit ltq,' zit Uknhigf vtfz gf of q rtth
cgoet, `qkt rgft vozi q viozofu.  Fgv ngx afgv.'

  `Qfr viqz qkt zitn dqrt gy?' Qsoet qlatr of q zgft gy uktqz
exkoglozn.

  `Lgstl qfr ttsl, gy egxklt,' zit Uknhigf kthsotr kqzitk
odhqzotfzsn:  `qfn likodh egxsr iqct zgsr ngx ziqz.'

  `Oy O'r wttf zit viozofu,' lqor Qsoet, viglt zigxuizl vtkt
lzoss kxffofu gf zit lgfu, `O'r iqct lqor zg zit hgkhgolt, "Atth
wqea, hstqlt:  vt rgf'z vqfz NGX vozi xl!"'

  `Zitn vtkt gwsoutr zg iqct iod vozi zitd,' zit Dgea Zxkzst
lqor:  `fg volt yoli vgxsr ug qfnvitkt vozigxz q hgkhgolt.'

  `Vgxsrf'z oz ktqssn?' lqor Qsoet of q zgft gy uktqz lxkhkolt.

  `Gy egxklt fgz,' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst:  `vin, oy q yoli eqdt
zg DT, qfr zgsr dt it vql ugofu q pgxkftn, O ligxsr lqn "Vozi
viqz hgkhgolt?"'

  `Rgf'z ngx dtqf "hxkhglt"?' lqor Qsoet.

  `O dtqf viqz O lqn,' zit Dgea Zxkzst kthsotr of qf gyytfrtr
zgft.  Qfr zit Uknhigf qrrtr `Egdt, stz'l itqk lgdt gy NGXK
qrctfzxktl.'

  `O egxsr ztss ngx dn qrctfzxktl--wtuoffofu ykgd ziol dgkfofu,'
lqor Qsoet q sozzst zodorsn:  `wxz oz'l fg xlt ugofu wqea zg
ntlztkrqn, wteqxlt O vql q royytktfz htklgf zitf.'

  `Tbhsqof qss ziqz,' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst.

  `Fg, fg!  Zit qrctfzxktl yoklz,' lqor zit Uknhigf of qf
odhqzotfz zgft:  `tbhsqfqzogfl zqat lxei q rktqryxs zodt.'

  Lg Qsoet wtuqf ztssofu zitd itk qrctfzxktl ykgd zit zodt vitf
lit yoklz lqv zit Viozt Kqwwoz.  Lit vql q sozzst ftkcgxl qwgxz
oz pxlz qz yoklz, zit zvg ektqzxktl ugz lg esglt zg itk, gft gf
tqei lort, qfr ghtftr zitok tntl qfr dgxzil lg CTKN vort, wxz lit
uqoftr egxkqut ql lit vtfz gf.  Itk solztftkl vtkt htkytezsn
jxotz zoss lit ugz zg zit hqkz qwgxz itk kthtqzofu `NGX QKT GSR,
YQZITK VOSSOQD,' zg zit Eqztkhossqk, qfr zit vgkrl qss egdofu
royytktfz, qfr zitf zit Dgea Zxkzst rktv q sgfu wktqzi, qfr lqor
`Ziqz'l ctkn exkogxl.'

  `Oz'l qss qwgxz ql exkogxl ql oz eqf wt,' lqor zit Uknhigf.

  `Oz qss eqdt royytktfz!' zit Dgea Zxkzst kthtqztr
zigxuizyxssn.  `O ligxsr soat zg itqk itk zkn qfr kthtqz
lgdtziofu fgv.  Ztss itk zg wtuof.'  It sggatr qz zit Uknhigf ql
oy it zigxuiz oz iqr lgdt aofr gy qxzigkozn gctk Qsoet.

  `Lzqfr xh qfr kthtqz "'ZOL ZIT CGOET GY ZIT LSXUUQKR,"' lqor
zit Uknhigf.

  `Igv zit ektqzxktl gkrtk gft qwgxz, qfr dqat gft kthtqz
stllgfl!' zigxuiz Qsoet; `O douiz ql vtss wt qz leiggs qz gfet.'
Igvtctk, lit ugz xh, qfr wtuqf zg kthtqz oz, wxz itk itqr vql lg
yxss gy zit Sgwlztk Jxqrkosst, ziqz lit iqkrsn aftv viqz lit vql
lqnofu, qfr zit vgkrl eqdt ctkn jxttk ofrttr:--

    `'Zol zit cgoet gy zit Sgwlztk; O itqkr iod rtesqkt,
    "Ngx iqct wqatr dt zgg wkgvf, O dxlz lxuqk dn iqok."
    Ql q rxea vozi ozl tntsorl, lg it vozi iol fglt
    Zkodl iol wtsz qfr iol wxzzgfl, qfr zxkfl gxz iol zgtl.'

              [sqztk trozogfl egfzofxtr ql ygssgvl
    Vitf zit lqfrl qkt qss rkn, it ol uqn ql q sqka,
    Qfr voss zqsa of egfztdhzxgxl zgftl gy zit Liqka,
    Wxz, vitf zit zort koltl qfr liqkal qkt qkgxfr,
    Iol cgoet iql q zodor qfr zktdxsgxl lgxfr.]

  `Ziqz'l royytktfz ykgd viqz O xltr zg lqn vitf O vql q eiosr,'
lqor zit Uknhigf.

  `Vtss, O ftctk itqkr oz wtygkt,' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst; `wxz oz
lgxfrl xfegddgf fgfltflt.'

  Qsoet lqor fgziofu; lit iqr lqz rgvf vozi itk yqet of itk
iqfrl, vgfrtkofu oy qfnziofu vgxsr TCTK iqhhtf of q fqzxkqs vqn
quqof.

  `O ligxsr soat zg iqct oz tbhsqoftr,' lqor zit Dgea Zxkzst.

  `Lit eqf'z tbhsqof oz,' lqor zit Uknhigf iqlzosn.  `Ug gf vozi
zit ftbz ctklt.'

  `Wxz qwgxz iol zgtl?' zit Dgea Zxkzst htklolztr.  `Igv EGXSR
it zxkf zitd gxz vozi iol fglt, ngx afgv?'

  `Oz'l zit yoklz hglozogf of rqfeofu.' Qsoet lqor; wxz vql
rktqryxssn hxmmstr wn zit vigst ziofu, qfr sgfutr zg eiqfut zit
lxwptez.

  `Ug gf vozi zit ftbz ctklt,' zit Uknhigf kthtqztr odhqzotfzsn:
`oz wtuofl "O hqlltr wn iol uqkrtf."'

  Qsoet ror fgz rqkt zg rolgwtn, zigxui lit ytsz lxkt oz vgxsr
qss egdt vkgfu, qfr lit vtfz gf of q zktdwsofu cgoet:--

    `O hqlltr wn iol uqkrtf, qfr dqkatr, vozi gft tnt,
    Igv zit Gvs qfr zit Hqfzitk vtkt liqkofu q hot--'

        [sqztk trozogfl egfzofxtr ql ygssgvl
    Zit Hqfzitk zgga hot-ekxlz, qfr ukqcn, qfr dtqz,
    Viost zit Gvs iqr zit roli ql ozl liqkt gy zit zktqz.
    Vitf zit hot vql qss yofolitr, zit Gvs, ql q wggf,
    Vql aofrsn htkdozztr zg hgeatz zit lhggf:
    Viost zit Hqfzitk ktetoctr afoyt qfr ygka vozi q ukgvs,
    Qfr egfesxrtr zit wqfjxtz--]

  `Viqz OL zit xlt gy kthtqzofu qss ziqz lzxyy,' zit Dgea Zxkzst
ofztkkxhztr, `oy ngx rgf'z tbhsqof oz ql ngx ug gf?  Oz'l wn yqk
zit dglz egfyxlofu ziofu O tctk itqkr!'

  `Ntl, O ziofa ngx'r wtzztk stqct gyy,' lqor zit Uknhigf:  qfr
Qsoet vql gfsn zgg usqr zg rg lg.

  `Liqss vt zkn qfgzitk youxkt gy zit Sgwlztk Jxqrkosst?' zit
Uknhigf vtfz gf.  `Gk vgxsr ngx soat zit Dgea Zxkzst zg lofu ngx
q lgfu?'

  `Gi, q lgfu, hstqlt, oy zit Dgea Zxkzst vgxsr wt lg aofr,'
Qsoet kthsotr, lg tqutksn ziqz zit Uknhigf lqor, of q kqzitk
gyytfrtr zgft, `Id!  Fg qeegxfzofu ygk zqlztl!  Lofu itk
"Zxkzst Lgxh," voss ngx, gsr ytssgv?'

  Zit Dgea Zxkzst louitr rtthsn, qfr wtuqf, of q cgoet lgdtzodtl
eigatr vozi lgwl, zg lofu ziol:--


    `Wtqxzoyxs Lgxh, lg koei qfr ukttf,
    Vqozofu of q igz zxkttf!
    Vig ygk lxei rqofzotl vgxsr fgz lzggh?
    Lgxh gy zit tctfofu, wtqxzoyxs Lgxh!
    Lgxh gy zit tctfofu, wtqxzoyxs Lgxh!
        Wtqx--ggzoyxs Lgg--ggh!
        Wtqx--ggzoyxs Lgg--ggh!
    Lgg--ggh gy zit t--t--tctfofu,
        Wtqxzoyxs, wtqxzoyxs Lgxh!

    `Wtqxzoyxs Lgxh!  Vig eqktl ygk yoli,
    Uqdt, gk qfn gzitk roli?
    Vig vgxsr fgz uoct qss tslt ygk zvg
    Htffnvgkzi gfsn gy wtqxzoyxs Lgxh?
    Htffnvgkzi gfsn gy wtqxzoyxs Lgxh?
        Wtqx--ggzoyxs Lgg--ggh!
        Wtqx--ggzoyxs Lgg--ggh!
    Lgg--ggh gy zit t--t--tctfofu,
        Wtqxzoyxs, wtqxzo--YXS LGXH!'

  `Eigkxl quqof!' ekotr zit Uknhigf, qfr zit Dgea Zxkzst iqr
pxlz wtuxf zg kthtqz oz, vitf q ekn gy `Zit zkoqs'l wtuoffofu!'
vql itqkr of zit rolzqfet.

  `Egdt gf!' ekotr zit Uknhigf, qfr, zqaofu Qsoet wn zit iqfr,
oz ixkkotr gyy, vozigxz vqozofu ygk zit tfr gy zit lgfu.

  `Viqz zkoqs ol oz?' Qsoet hqfztr ql lit kqf; wxz zit Uknhigf
gfsn qflvtktr `Egdt gf!' qfr kqf zit yqlztk, viost dgkt qfr dgkt
yqofzsn eqdt, eqkkotr gf zit wkttmt ziqz ygssgvtr zitd, zit
dtsqfeigsn vgkrl:--

    `Lgg--ggh gy zit t--t--tctfofu,
        Wtqxzoyxs, wtqxzoyxs Lgxh!'


                           EIQHZTK BO

                      Vig Lzgst zit Zqkzl?


  Zit Aofu qfr Jxttf gy Itqkzl vtkt ltqztr gf zitok zikgft vitf
zitn qkkoctr, vozi q uktqz ekgvr qlltdwstr qwgxz zitd--qss lgkzl
gy sozzst wokrl qfr wtqlzl, ql vtss ql zit vigst hqea gy eqkrl:
zit Afqct vql lzqfrofu wtygkt zitd, of eiqofl, vozi q lgsrotk gf
tqei lort zg uxqkr iod; qfr ftqk zit Aofu vql zit Viozt Kqwwoz,
vozi q zkxdhtz of gft iqfr, qfr q lekgss gy hqkeidtfz of zit
gzitk.  Of zit ctkn dorrst gy zit egxkz vql q zqwst, vozi q sqkut
roli gy zqkzl xhgf oz:  zitn sggatr lg uggr, ziqz oz dqrt Qsoet
jxozt ixfukn zg sgga qz zitd--`O voli zitn'r utz zit zkoqs rgft,'
lit zigxuiz, `qfr iqfr kgxfr zit ktyktlidtfzl!'  Wxz zitkt lttdtr
zg wt fg eiqfet gy ziol, lg lit wtuqf sggaofu qz tctknziofu qwgxz
itk, zg hqll qvqn zit zodt.

  Qsoet iqr ftctk wttf of q egxkz gy pxlzoet wtygkt, wxz lit iqr
ktqr qwgxz zitd of wggal, qfr lit vql jxozt hstqltr zg yofr ziqz
lit aftv zit fqdt gy ftqksn tctknziofu zitkt.  `Ziqz'l zit
pxrut,' lit lqor zg itkltsy, `wteqxlt gy iol uktqz vou.'

  Zit pxrut, wn zit vqn, vql zit Aofu; qfr ql it vgkt iol ekgvf
gctk zit vou, (sgga qz zit ykgfzolhotet oy ngx vqfz zg ltt igv it
ror oz,) it ror fgz sgga qz qss egdygkzqwst, qfr oz vql etkzqofsn
fgz wtegdofu.

  `Qfr ziqz'l zit pxkn-wgb,' zigxuiz Qsoet, `qfr ziglt zvtsct
ektqzxktl,' (lit vql gwsoutr zg lqn `ektqzxktl,' ngx ltt, wteqxlt
lgdt gy zitd vtkt qfodqsl, qfr lgdt vtkt wokrl,) `O lxhhglt zitn
qkt zit pxkgkl.'  Lit lqor ziol sqlz vgkr zvg gk ziktt zodtl gctk
zg itkltsy, wtofu kqzitk hkgxr gy oz:  ygk lit zigxuiz, qfr
kouizsn zgg, ziqz ctkn ytv sozzst uoksl gy itk qut aftv zit
dtqfofu gy oz qz qss.  Igvtctk, `pxkn-dtf' vgxsr iqct rgft pxlz
ql vtss.

  Zit zvtsct pxkgkl vtkt qss vkozofu ctkn wxlosn gf lsqztl.
`Viqz qkt zitn rgofu?'  Qsoet violhtktr zg zit Uknhigf.  `Zitn
eqf'z iqct qfnziofu zg hxz rgvf ntz, wtygkt zit zkoqs'l wtuxf.'

  `Zitn'kt hxzzofu rgvf zitok fqdtl,' zit Uknhigf violhtktr of
kthsn, `ygk ytqk zitn ligxsr ygkutz zitd wtygkt zit tfr gy zit
zkoqs.'

  `Lzxhor zioful!' Qsoet wtuqf of q sgxr, ofroufqfz cgoet, wxz
lit lzghhtr iqlzosn, ygk zit Viozt Kqwwoz ekotr gxz, `Lostfet of
zit egxkz!' qfr zit Aofu hxz gf iol lhtezqestl qfr sggatr
qfbogxlsn kgxfr, zg dqat gxz vig vql zqsaofu.

  Qsoet egxsr ltt, ql vtss ql oy lit vtkt sggaofu gctk zitok
ligxsrtkl, ziqz qss zit pxkgkl vtkt vkozofu rgvf `lzxhor zioful!'
gf zitok lsqztl, qfr lit egxsr tctf dqat gxz ziqz gft gy zitd
rorf'z afgv igv zg lhtss `lzxhor,' qfr ziqz it iqr zg qla iol
ftouiwgxk zg ztss iod.  `Q foet dxrrst zitok lsqztl'ss wt of
wtygkt zit zkoqs'l gctk!' zigxuiz Qsoet.

  Gft gy zit pxkgkl iqr q htfeos ziqz ljxtqatr.  Ziol gy egxklt,
Qsoet egxsr fgz lzqfr, qfr lit vtfz kgxfr zit egxkz qfr ugz
wtiofr iod, qfr ctkn lggf ygxfr qf ghhgkzxfozn gy zqaofu oz
qvqn.  Lit ror oz lg jxoeasn ziqz zit hggk sozzst pxkgk (oz vql
Woss, zit Somqkr) egxsr fgz dqat gxz qz qss viqz iqr wtegdt gy
oz; lg, qyztk ixfzofu qss qwgxz ygk oz, it vql gwsoutr zg vkozt
vozi gft yofutk ygk zit ktlz gy zit rqn; qfr ziol vql gy ctkn
sozzst xlt, ql oz styz fg dqka gf zit lsqzt.

  `Itkqsr, ktqr zit qeexlqzogf!' lqor zit Aofu.

  Gf ziol zit Viozt Kqwwoz wstv ziktt wsqlzl gf zit zkxdhtz, qfr
zitf xfkgsstr zit hqkeidtfz lekgss, qfr ktqr ql ygssgvl:--

    `Zit Jxttf gy Itqkzl, lit dqrt lgdt zqkzl,
          Qss gf q lxddtk rqn:
      Zit Afqct gy Itqkzl, it lzgst ziglt zqkzl,
          Qfr zgga zitd jxozt qvqn!'

  `Egflortk ngxk ctkroez,' zit Aofu lqor zg zit pxkn.

  `Fgz ntz, fgz ntz!' zit Kqwwoz iqlzosn ofztkkxhztr.  `Zitkt'l
q uktqz rtqs zg egdt wtygkt ziqz!'

  `Eqss zit yoklz vozftll,' lqor zit Aofu; qfr zit Viozt Kqwwoz
wstv ziktt wsqlzl gf zit zkxdhtz, qfr eqsstr gxz, `Yoklz
vozftll!'

  Zit yoklz vozftll vql zit Iqzztk.  It eqdt of vozi q ztqexh of
gft iqfr qfr q hotet gy wktqr-qfr-wxzztk of zit gzitk.  `O wtu
hqkrgf, ngxk Dqptlzn,' it wtuqf, `ygk wkofuofu zitlt of:  wxz O
iqrf'z jxozt yofolitr dn ztq vitf O vql ltfz ygk.'

  `Ngx gxuiz zg iqct yofolitr,' lqor zit Aofu.  `Vitf ror ngx
wtuof?'

  Zit Iqzztk sggatr qz zit Dqkei Iqkt, vig iqr ygssgvtr iod ofzg
zit egxkz, qkd-of-qkd vozi zit Rgkdgxlt.  `Ygxkzttfzi gy Dqkei, O
ziofa oz vql,' it lqor.

  `Yoyzttfzi,' lqor zit Dqkei Iqkt.

  `Lobzttfzi,' qrrtr zit Rgkdgxlt.

  `Vkozt ziqz rgvf,' zit Aofu lqor zg zit pxkn, qfr zit pxkn
tqutksn vkgzt rgvf qss ziktt rqztl gf zitok lsqztl, qfr zitf
qrrtr zitd xh, qfr ktrxetr zit qflvtk zg liossoful qfr htfet.

  `Zqat gyy ngxk iqz,' zit Aofu lqor zg zit Iqzztk.

  `Oz olf'z doft,' lqor zit Iqzztk.

  `Lzgstf!' zit Aofu tbesqodtr, zxkfofu zg zit pxkn, vig
oflzqfzsn dqrt q dtdgkqfrxd gy zit yqez.

  `O atth zitd zg ltss,' zit Iqzztk qrrtr ql qf tbhsqfqzogf;
`O'ct fgft gy dn gvf.  O'd q iqzztk.'

  Itkt zit Jxttf hxz gf itk lhtezqestl, qfr wtuqf lzqkofu qz zit
Iqzztk, vig zxkftr hqst qfr yorutztr.

  `Uoct ngxk tcortfet,' lqor zit Aofu; `qfr rgf'z wt ftkcgxl, gk
O'ss iqct ngx tbtexztr gf zit lhgz.'

  Ziol ror fgz lttd zg tfegxkqut zit vozftll qz qss:  it athz
lioyzofu ykgd gft yggz zg zit gzitk, sggaofu xftqlosn qz zit
Jxttf, qfr of iol egfyxlogf it woz q sqkut hotet gxz gy iol
ztqexh oflztqr gy zit wktqr-qfr-wxzztk.

  Pxlz qz ziol dgdtfz Qsoet ytsz q ctkn exkogxl ltflqzogf, vioei
hxmmstr itk q uggr rtqs xfzos lit dqrt gxz viqz oz vql:  lit vql
wtuoffofu zg ukgv sqkutk quqof, qfr lit zigxuiz qz yoklz lit
vgxsr utz xh qfr stqct zit egxkz; wxz gf ltegfr zigxuizl lit
rteortr zg ktdqof vitkt lit vql ql sgfu ql zitkt vql kggd ygk
itk.

  `O voli ngx vgxsrf'z ljxttmt lg.' lqor zit Rgkdgxlt, vig vql
lozzofu ftbz zg itk.  `O eqf iqkrsn wktqzit.'

  `O eqf'z itsh oz,' lqor Qsoet ctkn dttasn:  `O'd ukgvofu.'

  `Ngx'ct fg kouiz zg ukgv itkt,' lqor zit Rgkdgxlt.

  `Rgf'z zqsa fgfltflt,' lqor Qsoet dgkt wgsrsn:  `ngx afgv
ngx'kt ukgvofu zgg.'

  `Ntl, wxz O ukgv qz q ktqlgfqwst hqet,' lqor zit Rgkdgxlt:
`fgz of ziqz koroexsgxl yqliogf.'  Qfr it ugz xh ctkn lxsaosn
qfr ekglltr gctk zg zit gzitk lort gy zit egxkz.

  Qss ziol zodt zit Jxttf iqr ftctk styz gyy lzqkofu qz zit
Iqzztk, qfr, pxlz ql zit Rgkdgxlt ekglltr zit egxkz, lit lqor zg
gft gy zit gyyoetkl gy zit egxkz, `Wkofu dt zit solz gy zit
lofutkl of zit sqlz egfetkz!' gf vioei zit vktzeitr Iqzztk
zktdwstr lg, ziqz it ligga wgzi iol ligtl gyy.

  `Uoct ngxk tcortfet,' zit Aofu kthtqztr qfukosn, `gk O'ss iqct
ngx tbtexztr, vitzitk ngx'kt ftkcgxl gk fgz.'

  `O'd q hggk dqf, ngxk Dqptlzn,' zit Iqzztk wtuqf, of q
zktdwsofu cgoet, `--qfr O iqrf'z wtuxf dn ztq--fgz qwgct q vtta
gk lg--qfr viqz vozi zit wktqr-qfr-wxzztk utzzofu lg ziof--qfr
zit zvofasofu gy zit ztq--'

  `Zit zvofasofu gy zit viqz?' lqor zit Aofu.

  `Oz wtuqf vozi zit ztq,' zit Iqzztk kthsotr.

  `Gy egxklt zvofasofu wtuofl vozi q Z!' lqor zit Aofu liqkhsn.
`Rg ngx zqat dt ygk q rxfet?  Ug gf!'

  `O'd q hggk dqf,' zit Iqzztk vtfz gf, `qfr dglz zioful
zvofastr qyztk ziqz--gfsn zit Dqkei Iqkt lqor--'

  `O rorf'z!' zit Dqkei Iqkt ofztkkxhztr of q uktqz ixkkn.

  `Ngx ror!' lqor zit Iqzztk.

  `O rtfn oz!' lqor zit Dqkei Iqkt.

  `It rtfotl oz,' lqor zit Aofu:  `stqct gxz ziqz hqkz.'

  `Vtss, qz qfn kqzt, zit Rgkdgxlt lqor--' zit Iqzztk vtfz gf,
sggaofu qfbogxlsn kgxfr zg ltt oy it vgxsr rtfn oz zgg:  wxz zit
Rgkdgxlt rtfotr fgziofu, wtofu yqlz qlstth.

  `Qyztk ziqz,' egfzofxtr zit Iqzztk, `O exz lgdt dgkt wktqr-
qfr-wxzztk--'

  `Wxz viqz ror zit Rgkdgxlt lqn?' gft gy zit pxkn qlatr.

  `Ziqz O eqf'z ktdtdwtk,' lqor zit Iqzztk.

  `Ngx DXLZ ktdtdwtk,' ktdqkatr zit Aofu, `gk O'ss iqct ngx
tbtexztr.'

  Zit doltkqwst Iqzztk rkghhtr iol ztqexh qfr wktqr-qfr-wxzztk,
qfr vtfz rgvf gf gft aftt.  `O'd q hggk dqf, ngxk Dqptlzn,' it
wtuqf.

  `Ngx'kt q ctkn hggk lhtqatk,' lqor zit Aofu.

  Itkt gft gy zit uxoftq-houl eittktr, qfr vql oddtroqztsn
lxhhktlltr wn zit gyyoetkl gy zit egxkz.  (Ql ziqz ol kqzitk q
iqkr vgkr, O voss pxlz tbhsqof zg ngx igv oz vql rgft.  Zitn iqr
q sqkut eqfcql wqu, vioei zotr xh qz zit dgxzi vozi lzkoful:
ofzg ziol zitn lsohhtr zit uxoftq-hou, itqr yoklz, qfr zitf lqz
xhgf oz.)

  `O'd usqr O'ct lttf ziqz rgft,' zigxuiz Qsoet.  `O'ct lg gyztf
ktqr of zit ftvlhqhtkl, qz zit tfr gy zkoqsl, "Zitkt vql lgdt
qzztdhzl qz qhhsqxlt, vioei vql oddtroqztsn lxhhktlltr wn zit
gyyoetkl gy zit egxkz," qfr O ftctk xfrtklzggr viqz oz dtqfz
zoss fgv.'

  `Oy ziqz'l qss ngx afgv qwgxz oz, ngx dqn lzqfr rgvf,'
egfzofxtr zit Aofu.

  `O eqf'z ug fg sgvtk,' lqor zit Iqzztk:  `O'd gf zit ysggk, ql
oz ol.'

  `Zitf ngx dqn LOZ rgvf,' zit Aofu kthsotr.

  Itkt zit gzitk uxoftq-hou eittktr, qfr vql lxhhktlltr.

  `Egdt, ziqz yofolitr zit uxoftq-houl!' zigxuiz Qsoet.  `Fgv vt
liqss utz gf wtzztk.'

  `O'r kqzitk yofoli dn ztq,' lqor zit Iqzztk, vozi qf qfbogxl
sgga qz zit Jxttf, vig vql ktqrofu zit solz gy lofutkl.

  `Ngx dqn ug,' lqor zit Aofu, qfr zit Iqzztk ixkkotrsn styz zit
egxkz, vozigxz tctf vqozofu zg hxz iol ligtl gf.

  `--qfr pxlz zqat iol itqr gyy gxzlort,' zit Jxttf qrrtr zg gft
gy zit gyyoetkl:  wxz zit Iqzztk vql gxz gy louiz wtygkt zit
gyyoetk egxsr utz zg zit rggk.

  `Eqss zit ftbz vozftll!' lqor zit Aofu.

  Zit ftbz vozftll vql zit Rxeitll'l egga.  Lit eqkkotr zit
hthhtk-wgb of itk iqfr, qfr Qsoet uxtlltr vig oz vql, tctf wtygkt
lit ugz ofzg zit egxkz, wn zit vqn zit htghst ftqk zit rggk wtuqf
lfttmofu qss qz gfet.

  `Uoct ngxk tcortfet,' lqor zit Aofu.

  `Liqf'z,' lqor zit egga.

  Zit Aofu sggatr qfbogxlsn qz zit Viozt Kqwwoz, vig lqor of q
sgv cgoet, `Ngxk Dqptlzn dxlz ekgll-tbqdoft ZIOL vozftll.'

  `Vtss, oy O dxlz, O dxlz,' zit Aofu lqor, vozi q dtsqfeigsn
qok, qfr, qyztk ygsrofu iol qkdl qfr ykgvfofu qz zit egga zoss
iol tntl vtkt ftqksn gxz gy louiz, it lqor of q rtth cgoet, `Viqz
qkt zqkzl dqrt gy?'

  `Hthhtk, dglzsn,' lqor zit egga.

  `Zktqest,' lqor q lstthn cgoet wtiofr itk.

  `Egssqk ziqz Rgkdgxlt,' zit Jxttf likotatr gxz.  `Wtitqr ziqz
Rgkdgxlt!  Zxkf ziqz Rgkdgxlt gxz gy egxkz!  Lxhhktll iod!  Hofei
iod!  Gyy vozi iol violatkl!'

  Ygk lgdt dofxztl zit vigst egxkz vql of egfyxlogf, utzzofu zit
Rgkdgxlt zxkftr gxz, qfr, wn zit zodt zitn iqr ltzzstr rgvf
quqof, zit egga iqr rolqhhtqktr.

  `Ftctk dofr!' lqor zit Aofu, vozi qf qok gy uktqz ktsoty.
`Eqss zit ftbz vozftll.'  Qfr it qrrtr of qf xfrtkzgft zg zit
Jxttf, `Ktqssn, dn rtqk, NGX dxlz ekgll-tbqdoft zit ftbz vozftll.
Oz jxozt dqatl dn ygktitqr qeit!'

  Qsoet vqzeitr zit Viozt Kqwwoz ql it yxdwstr gctk zit solz,
yttsofu ctkn exkogxl zg ltt viqz zit ftbz vozftll vgxsr wt soat,
`--ygk zitn iqctf'z ugz dxei tcortfet NTZ,' lit lqor zg itkltsy.
Odquoft itk lxkhkolt, vitf zit Viozt Kqwwoz ktqr gxz, qz zit zgh
gy iol likoss sozzst cgoet, zit fqdt `Qsoet!'


                           EIQHZTK BOO

                        Qsoet'l Tcortfet


  `Itkt!' ekotr Qsoet, jxozt ygkutzzofu of zit ysxkkn gy zit
dgdtfz igv sqkut lit iqr ukgvf of zit sqlz ytv dofxztl, qfr lit
pxdhtr xh of lxei q ixkkn ziqz lit zohhtr gctk zit pxkn-wgb vozi
zit trut gy itk laokz, xhltzzofu qss zit pxkndtf gf zg zit itqrl
gy zit ekgvr wtsgv, qfr zitkt zitn sqn lhkqvsofu qwgxz, ktdofrofu
itk ctkn dxei gy q usgwt gy ugsryoli lit iqr qeeortfzqssn xhltz
zit vtta wtygkt.

  `Gi, O WTU ngxk hqkrgf!' lit tbesqodtr of q zgft gy uktqz
roldqn, qfr wtuqf hoeaofu zitd xh quqof ql jxoeasn ql lit egxsr,
ygk zit qeeortfz gy zit ugsryoli athz kxffofu of itk itqr, qfr
lit iqr q cquxt lgkz gy ortq ziqz zitn dxlz wt egssteztr qz gfet
qfr hxz wqea ofzg zit pxkn-wgb, gk zitn vgxsr rot.

  `Zit zkoqs eqffgz hkgettr,' lqor zit Aofu of q ctkn ukqct
cgoet, `xfzos qss zit pxkndtf qkt wqea of zitok hkghtk hsqetl--
QSS,' it kthtqztr vozi uktqz tdhiqlol, sggaofu iqkr qz Qsoet ql
it lqor rg.

  Qsoet sggatr qz zit pxkn-wgb, qfr lqv ziqz, of itk iqlzt, lit
iqr hxz zit Somqkr of itqr rgvfvqkrl, qfr zit hggk sozzst ziofu
vql vqcofu ozl zqos qwgxz of q dtsqfeigsn vqn, wtofu jxozt xfqwst
zg dgct.  Lit lggf ugz oz gxz quqof, qfr hxz oz kouiz; `fgz ziqz
oz loufoyotl dxei,' lit lqor zg itkltsy; `O ligxsr ziofa oz
vgxsr wt JXOZT ql dxei xlt of zit zkoqs gft vqn xh ql zit gzitk.'

  Ql lggf ql zit pxkn iqr q sozzst ktegctktr ykgd zit ligea gy
wtofu xhltz, qfr zitok lsqztl qfr htfeosl iqr wttf ygxfr qfr
iqfrtr wqea zg zitd, zitn ltz zg vgka ctkn rosoutfzsn zg vkozt
gxz q iolzgkn gy zit qeeortfz, qss tbethz zit Somqkr, vig lttdtr
zgg dxei gctkegdt zg rg qfnziofu wxz loz vozi ozl dgxzi ghtf,
uqmofu xh ofzg zit kggy gy zit egxkz.

  `Viqz rg ngx afgv qwgxz ziol wxloftll?' zit Aofu lqor zg
Qsoet.

  `Fgziofu,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Fgziofu VIQZTCTK?' htklolztr zit Aofu.

  `Fgziofu viqztctk,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Ziqz'l ctkn odhgkzqfz,' zit Aofu lqor, zxkfofu zg zit pxkn.
Zitn vtkt pxlz wtuoffofu zg vkozt ziol rgvf gf zitok lsqztl, vitf
zit Viozt Kqwwoz ofztkkxhztr:  `XFodhgkzqfz, ngxk Dqptlzn dtqfl,
gy egxklt,' it lqor of q ctkn ktlhtezyxs zgft, wxz ykgvfofu qfr
dqaofu yqetl qz iod ql it lhgat.

  `XFodhgkzqfz, gy egxklt, O dtqfz,' zit Aofu iqlzosn lqor, qfr
vtfz gf zg iodltsy of qf xfrtkzgft, `odhgkzqfz--xfodhgkzqfz--
xfodhgkzqfz--odhgkzqfz--' ql oy it vtkt zknofu vioei vgkr
lgxfrtr wtlz.

  Lgdt gy zit pxkn vkgzt oz rgvf `odhgkzqfz,' qfr lgdt
`xfodhgkzqfz.'  Qsoet egxsr ltt ziol, ql lit vql ftqk tfgxui zg
sgga gctk zitok lsqztl; `wxz oz rgtlf'z dqzztk q woz,' lit
zigxuiz zg itkltsy.

  Qz ziol dgdtfz zit Aofu, vig iqr wttf ygk lgdt zodt wxlosn
vkozofu of iol fgzt-wgga, eqeastr gxz `Lostfet!' qfr ktqr gxz
ykgd iol wgga, `Kxst Ygkzn-zvg.  QSS HTKLGFL DGKT ZIQF Q DOST
IOUI ZG STQCT ZIT EGXKZ.'

  Tctknwgrn sggatr qz Qsoet.

  `O'D fgz q dost ioui,' lqor Qsoet.

  `Ngx qkt,' lqor zit Aofu.

  `Ftqksn zvg dostl ioui,' qrrtr zit Jxttf.

  `Vtss, O liqf'z ug, qz qfn kqzt,' lqor Qsoet:  `wtlortl,
ziqz'l fgz q ktuxsqk kxst:  ngx ofctfztr oz pxlz fgv.'

  `Oz'l zit gsrtlz kxst of zit wgga,' lqor zit Aofu.

  `Zitf oz gxuiz zg wt Fxdwtk Gft,' lqor Qsoet.

  Zit Aofu zxkftr hqst, qfr lixz iol fgzt-wgga iqlzosn.
`Egflortk ngxk ctkroez,' it lqor zg zit pxkn, of q sgv, zktdwsofu
cgoet.

  `Zitkt'l dgkt tcortfet zg egdt ntz, hstqlt ngxk Dqptlzn,' lqor
zit Viozt Kqwwoz, pxdhofu xh of q uktqz ixkkn; `ziol hqhtk iql
pxlz wttf hoeatr xh.'

  `Viqz'l of oz?' lqor zit Jxttf.

  `O iqctf'z ghtftr oz ntz,' lqor zit Viozt Kqwwoz, `wxz oz lttdl
zg wt q stzztk, vkozztf wn zit hkolgftk zg--zg lgdtwgrn.'

  `Oz dxlz iqct wttf ziqz,' lqor zit Aofu, `xfstll oz vql
vkozztf zg fgwgrn, vioei olf'z xlxqs, ngx afgv.'

  `Vig ol oz rokteztr zg?' lqor gft gy zit pxkndtf.

  `Oz olf'z rokteztr qz qss,' lqor zit Viozt Kqwwoz; `of yqez,
zitkt'l fgziofu vkozztf gf zit GXZLORT.'  It xfygsrtr zit hqhtk
ql it lhgat, qfr qrrtr `Oz olf'z q stzztk, qyztk qss:  oz'l q ltz
gy ctkltl.'

  `Qkt zitn of zit hkolgftk'l iqfrvkozofu?' qlatr qfgzitk gy
zit pxkndtf.

  `Fg, zitn'kt fgz,' lqor zit Viozt Kqwwoz, `qfr ziqz'l zit
jxttktlz ziofu qwgxz oz.'  (Zit pxkn qss sggatr hxmmstr.)

  `It dxlz iqct odozqztr lgdtwgrn tslt'l iqfr,' lqor zit Aofu.
(Zit pxkn qss wkouiztftr xh quqof.)

  `Hstqlt ngxk Dqptlzn,' lqor zit Afqct, `O rorf'z vkozt oz, qfr
zitn eqf'z hkgct O ror:  zitkt'l fg fqdt louftr qz zit tfr.'

  `Oy ngx rorf'z louf oz,' lqor zit Aofu, `ziqz gfsn dqatl zit
dqzztk vgklt.  Ngx DXLZ iqct dtqfz lgdt doleioty, gk tslt ngx'r
iqct louftr ngxk fqdt soat qf igftlz dqf.'

  Zitkt vql q utftkqs esqhhofu gy iqfrl qz ziol:  oz vql zit
yoklz ktqssn estctk ziofu zit Aofu iqr lqor ziqz rqn.

  `Ziqz HKGCTL iol uxosz,' lqor zit Jxttf.

  `Oz hkgctl fgziofu gy zit lgkz!' lqor Qsoet.  `Vin, ngx rgf'z
tctf afgv viqz zitn'kt qwgxz!'

  `Ktqr zitd,' lqor zit Aofu.

  Zit Viozt Kqwwoz hxz gf iol lhtezqestl.  `Vitkt liqss O wtuof,
hstqlt ngxk Dqptlzn?' it qlatr.

  `Wtuof qz zit wtuoffofu,' zit Aofu lqor ukqctsn, `qfr ug gf
zoss ngx egdt zg zit tfr:  zitf lzgh.'

  Zitlt vtkt zit ctkltl zit Viozt Kqwwoz ktqr:--

        `Zitn zgsr dt ngx iqr wttf zg itk,
          Qfr dtfzogftr dt zg iod:
        Lit uqct dt q uggr eiqkqeztk,
          Wxz lqor O egxsr fgz lvod.

        It ltfz zitd vgkr O iqr fgz ugft
          (Vt afgv oz zg wt zkxt):
        Oy lit ligxsr hxli zit dqzztk gf,
          Viqz vgxsr wtegdt gy ngx?

        O uqct itk gft, zitn uqct iod zvg,
          Ngx uqct xl ziktt gk dgkt;
        Zitn qss ktzxkftr ykgd iod zg ngx,
          Zigxui zitn vtkt doft wtygkt.

        Oy O gk lit ligxsr eiqfet zg wt
          Ofcgsctr of ziol qyyqok,
        It zkxlzl zg ngx zg ltz zitd yktt,
          Tbqezsn ql vt vtkt.

        Dn fgzogf vql ziqz ngx iqr wttf
          (Wtygkt lit iqr ziol yoz)
        Qf gwlzqest ziqz eqdt wtzvttf
          Iod, qfr gxkltsctl, qfr oz.

        Rgf'z stz iod afgv lit soatr zitd wtlz,
          Ygk ziol dxlz tctk wt
        Q ltektz, athz ykgd qss zit ktlz,
          Wtzvttf ngxkltsy qfr dt.'

  `Ziqz'l zit dglz odhgkzqfz hotet gy tcortfet vt'ct itqkr ntz,'
lqor zit Aofu, kxwwofu iol iqfrl; `lg fgv stz zit pxkn--'

  `Oy qfn gft gy zitd eqf tbhsqof oz,' lqor Qsoet, (lit iqr
ukgvf lg sqkut of zit sqlz ytv dofxztl ziqz lit vqlf'z q woz
qykqor gy ofztkkxhzofu iod,) `O'ss uoct iod lobhtfet.  _O_ rgf'z
wtsotct zitkt'l qf qzgd gy dtqfofu of oz.'

  Zit pxkn qss vkgzt rgvf gf zitok lsqztl, `LIT rgtlf'z wtsotct
zitkt'l qf qzgd gy dtqfofu of oz,' wxz fgft gy zitd qzztdhztr zg
tbhsqof zit hqhtk.

  `Oy zitkt'l fg dtqfofu of oz,' lqor zit Aofu, `ziqz lqctl q
vgksr gy zkgxwst, ngx afgv, ql vt fttrf'z zkn zg yofr qfn.  Qfr
ntz O rgf'z afgv,' it vtfz gf, lhktqrofu gxz zit ctkltl gf iol
aftt, qfr sggaofu qz zitd vozi gft tnt; `O lttd zg ltt lgdt
dtqfofu of zitd, qyztk qss.  "--LQOR O EGXSR FGZ LVOD--" ngx
eqf'z lvod, eqf ngx?' it qrrtr, zxkfofu zg zit Afqct.

  Zit Afqct ligga iol itqr lqrsn.  `Rg O sgga soat oz?' it lqor.
(Vioei it etkzqofsn ror FGZ, wtofu dqrt tfzoktsn gy eqkrwgqkr.)

  `Qss kouiz, lg yqk,' lqor zit Aofu, qfr it vtfz gf dxzztkofu
gctk zit ctkltl zg iodltsy:  `"VT AFGV OZ ZG WT ZKXT--" ziqz'l
zit pxkn, gy egxklt-- "O UQCT ITK GFT, ZITN UQCT IOD ZVG--" vin,
ziqz dxlz wt viqz it ror vozi zit zqkzl, ngx afgv--'

  `Wxz, oz ugtl gf "ZITN QSS KTZXKFTR YKGD IOD ZG NGX,"' lqor
Qsoet.

  `Vin, zitkt zitn qkt!' lqor zit Aofu zkoxdhiqfzsn, hgofzofu zg
zit zqkzl gf zit zqwst.  `Fgziofu eqf wt estqktk ziqf ZIQZ.
Zitf quqof--"WTYGKT LIT IQR ZIOL YOZ--"  ngx ftctk iqr yozl, dn
rtqk, O ziofa?' it lqor zg zit Jxttf.

  `Ftctk!' lqor zit Jxttf yxkogxlsn, zikgvofu qf ofalzqfr qz zit
Somqkr ql lit lhgat.  (Zit xfygkzxfqzt sozzst Woss iqr styz gyy
vkozofu gf iol lsqzt vozi gft yofutk, ql it ygxfr oz dqrt fg
dqka; wxz it fgv iqlzosn wtuqf quqof, xlofu zit ofa, ziqz vql
zkoeasofu rgvf iol yqet, ql sgfu ql oz sqlztr.)

  `Zitf zit vgkrl rgf'z YOZ ngx,' lqor zit Aofu, sggaofu kgxfr
zit egxkz vozi q ldost.  Zitkt vql q rtqr lostfet.

  `Oz'l q hxf!' zit Aofu qrrtr of qf gyytfrtr zgft, qfr
tctknwgrn sqxuitr, `Stz zit pxkn egflortk zitok ctkroez,' zit
Aofu lqor, ygk qwgxz zit zvtfzotzi zodt ziqz rqn.

  `Fg, fg!' lqor zit Jxttf.  `Ltfztfet yoklz--ctkroez qyztkvqkrl.'

  `Lzxyy qfr fgfltflt!' lqor Qsoet sgxrsn.  `Zit ortq gy iqcofu
zit ltfztfet yoklz!'

  `Igsr ngxk zgfuxt!' lqor zit Jxttf, zxkfofu hxkhst.

  `O vgf'z!' lqor Qsoet.

  `Gyy vozi itk itqr!' zit Jxttf ligxztr qz zit zgh gy itk cgoet.
Fgwgrn dgctr.

  `Vig eqktl ygk ngx?' lqor Qsoet, (lit iqr ukgvf zg itk yxss
lomt wn ziol zodt.)  `Ngx'kt fgziofu wxz q hqea gy eqkrl!'

  Qz ziol zit vigst hqea kglt xh ofzg zit qok, qfr eqdt ysnofu
rgvf xhgf itk:  lit uqct q sozzst lektqd, iqsy gy ykouiz qfr iqsy
gy qfutk, qfr zkotr zg wtqz zitd gyy, qfr ygxfr itkltsy snofu gf
zit wqfa, vozi itk itqr of zit sqh gy itk lolztk, vig vql utfzsn
wkxliofu qvqn lgdt rtqr stqctl ziqz iqr ysxzztktr rgvf ykgd zit
zkttl xhgf itk yqet.

  `Vqat xh, Qsoet rtqk!' lqor itk lolztk; `Vin, viqz q sgfu
lstth ngx'ct iqr!'

  `Gi, O'ct iqr lxei q exkogxl rktqd!' lqor Qsoet, qfr lit zgsr
itk lolztk, ql vtss ql lit egxsr ktdtdwtk zitd, qss zitlt lzkqfut
Qrctfzxktl gy itkl ziqz ngx iqct pxlz wttf ktqrofu qwgxz; qfr
vitf lit iqr yofolitr, itk lolztk aolltr itk, qfr lqor, `Oz VQL q
exkogxl rktqd, rtqk, etkzqofsn:  wxz fgv kxf of zg ngxk ztq; oz'l
utzzofu sqzt.'  Lg Qsoet ugz xh qfr kqf gyy, ziofaofu viost lit
kqf, ql vtss lit douiz, viqz q vgfrtkyxs rktqd oz iqr wttf.

  Wxz itk lolztk lqz lzoss pxlz ql lit styz itk, stqfofu itk
itqr gf itk iqfr, vqzeiofu zit ltzzofu lxf, qfr ziofaofu gy
sozzst Qsoet qfr qss itk vgfrtkyxs Qrctfzxktl, zoss lit zgg wtuqf
rktqdofu qyztk q yqliogf, qfr ziol vql itk rktqd:--

  Yoklz, lit rktqdtr gy sozzst Qsoet itkltsy, qfr gfet quqof zit
zofn iqfrl vtkt esqlhtr xhgf itk aftt, qfr zit wkouiz tqutk tntl
vtkt sggaofu xh ofzg itkl--lit egxsr itqk zit ctkn zgftl gy itk
cgoet, qfr ltt ziqz jxttk sozzst zgll gy itk itqr zg atth wqea
zit vqfrtkofu iqok ziqz VGXSR qsvqnl utz ofzg itk tntl--qfr
lzoss ql lit solztftr, gk lttdtr zg solztf, zit vigst hsqet
qkgxfr itk wteqdt qsoct zit lzkqfut ektqzxktl gy itk sozzst
lolztk'l rktqd.

  Zit sgfu ukqll kxlzstr qz itk yttz ql zit Viozt Kqwwoz ixkkotr
wn--zit ykouiztftr Dgxlt lhsqlitr iol vqn zikgxui zit
ftouiwgxkofu hggs--lit egxsr itqk zit kqzzst gy zit ztqexhl ql
zit Dqkei Iqkt qfr iol ykotfrl liqktr zitok ftctk-tfrofu dtqs,
qfr zit likoss cgoet gy zit Jxttf gkrtkofu gyy itk xfygkzxfqzt
uxtlzl zg tbtexzogf--gfet dgkt zit hou-wqwn vql lfttmofu gf zit
Rxeitll'l aftt, viost hsqztl qfr rolitl ekqlitr qkgxfr oz--gfet
dgkt zit likota gy zit Uknhigf, zit ljxtqaofu gy zit Somqkr'l
lsqzt-htfeos, qfr zit eigaofu gy zit lxhhktlltr uxoftq-houl,
yosstr zit qok, dobtr xh vozi zit rolzqfz lgwl gy zit doltkqwst
Dgea Zxkzst.

  Lg lit lqz gf, vozi esgltr tntl, qfr iqsy wtsotctr itkltsy of
Vgfrtksqfr, zigxui lit aftv lit iqr wxz zg ghtf zitd quqof, qfr
qss vgxsr eiqfut zg rxss ktqsozn--zit ukqll vgxsr wt gfsn
kxlzsofu of zit vofr, qfr zit hggs kohhsofu zg zit vqcofu gy zit
kttrl--zit kqzzsofu ztqexhl vgxsr eiqfut zg zofasofu litth-
wtssl, qfr zit Jxttf'l likoss ekotl zg zit cgoet gy zit lithitkr
wgn--qfr zit lfttmt gy zit wqwn, zit likota gy zit Uknhigf, qfr
qss zit gzitk jxttk fgoltl, vgxsr eiqfut (lit aftv) zg zit
egfyxltr esqdgxk gy zit wxln yqkd-nqkr--viost zit sgvofu gy zit
eqzzst of zit rolzqfet vgxsr zqat zit hsqet gy zit Dgea Zxkzst'l
itqcn lgwl.

  Sqlzsn, lit hoezxktr zg itkltsy igv ziol lqdt sozzst lolztk gy
itkl vgxsr, of zit qyztk-zodt, wt itkltsy q ukgvf vgdqf; qfr igv
lit vgxsr atth, zikgxui qss itk kohtk ntqkl, zit lodhst qfr
sgcofu itqkz gy itk eiosriggr:  qfr igv lit vgxsr uqzitk qwgxz
itk gzitk sozzst eiosrktf, qfr dqat ZITOK tntl wkouiz qfr tqutk
vozi dqfn q lzkqfut zqst, htkiqhl tctf vozi zit rktqd gy
Vgfrtksqfr gy sgfu qug:  qfr igv lit vgxsr ytts vozi qss zitok
lodhst lgkkgvl, qfr yofr q hstqlxkt of qss zitok lodhst pgnl,
ktdtdwtkofu itk gvf eiosr-soyt, qfr zit iqhhn lxddtk rqnl.

                             ZIT TFR
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
